As I have an opportunity to send you a few lines I embrace the presant to let you know how we are getting a long. We are now a lone more but our too [unclear: selors] and as regards our health it is not verry good neither has it been for some length of time yet we are doing the best we can, and as well as could be expected considering the times and conditions of our country. We have experienced a great many hardships and deprivations her, as you are a ware it has been our lot to be placed between the two Armies. Goodes are high and getting more sow every day and cannot be had at all times. Taking evry thing into consideration we have goten along as well as could be expected and may be better than many other places and do not feel disposed to murmur. Rebecca was married in November 1862 to Charles Kincaid and is now living in Greenbrier near Lewis-burg. [unclear: Taplin] Michel (the boy I rased) is now is now in the Sotheren Army. We have not herd from Henderson since the spring the War commenced he was then in Erie County Penn. wheather he is dead or a live we know not We have almost lost hope of ever seeing him again I reseived a letter from John last Feb and they were all well it is not necessary to give the particulars of his letter as I suppose you have corispondance. William and Family and James and Family are all well and sends their best wishes to you all. We have had a good deal of dry weather this Summer, in consequence of which corn will be cut short however since it has become more seasonable corn seems to be coming out considerably and if frost will keep of until it makes it self there will be considerable corn rased more I think than were last year, grane was verry scarse here last year. Wheat crops this year were not verry good hardly an average Crop. I have not heard from any of you since [unclear: Leair] was out I am verry anxious to here from you all to know wheather or not you are all a live or not and how you are getting a long. I want you to write and give me a general account of my friends and acquaintances who are ded and who are a live direct your letter to Charley Kincaid  I would have been in to see you all long be fore this time but circumstances forbid it but so soon as I can I am coming if I [unclear: live]. I will now bring my letter to a close Give my love and Polley's to Mother sister Polley and all inquiring friends and except a due portion for your self and Family.