Your kind communication of March 1862 came to hand by due course of mail. I would reply Phonographically but I don't feel that I have the time and patience for it this evening. I am always glad to hear from you but I am particularly glad to learn of your matrimonial prospects progressing to a sweet and happy fruition. I should most heartily second your good wishes and advice to myself upon the same subject but for insuperable difficulties that lie in my way at the present time. The one is that I have no lady "courted" like yourself and another difficulty with me just at this time is that the unnatural and detestable war will have to be fought through before I can allow my cranium to be besieged with connubial thoughts. If you are already married please allow your humble and more unfortunate cousin and correspondent to wish you many good things which I shall not attempt to specify as well as take considerable pleasure to himself in knowing that he has one more cousin whom he has never seen. I am sorry, Cous. James, to inform you that we have the enemy so near us at the present time that nearly all our enjoyments are marred. The nearest that they have been was at Mt Crawford on Friday of last week. Some four or five hundred of Yankee cavalry were there that day and all that prevented them from coming farther up the road was the inpracticability of fording the river which has been quite flush for a week or more past, owing to the excessive rains and snow yet remaining in the mountains. The two bridges at Mt Crawford and the one at Bridgewater, by order of General Jackson, were burned on the Tuesday (22nd) preceding. Gen Jackson at present has his army not far from McGaheysville. Bro. John belongs to that division of the army. Bro. Albert belongs to Gen. Joseph E. Johnson's army at Yorktown. Gen. B. Johnson's army -- the division to which your brother Daniel is attached is at present located at the village of West View in this county about six miles S.W. of Staunton. So you see the Conf. territory of the Valley at present is pretty small. The people are a good deal excited and there is no business enterprise scarcely in the whole county. There has been so much rain this Spring that farmers have been scarcely able to plow their ground and as yet I know not of an acre of ground planted in corn in this whole county. Should the season be farmable from this time out I think that there will be nothing like half the usual amt. of corn planted. The wheat is as promising as could be wished and there will be a bountiful harvest from present prospects, particularly if it becomes a little dry during the month of May. I leave for the army in a day or two. I have joined an Artillery Company and will meet my Company in Richmond. We have no regular Mail now nearer than Staunton. The mail at Mt Sidney is exchanged occasionally by persons passing backwards and forwards. I tell you we are in a smart hubbub - in a pretty bad "old fix", just now in the Valley. I hope and pray that our arms may be successful at Yorktown. That battle when ever it does come off I think will decide the fate of the Valley indeed of Richmond and of entire Va and if we are successful I think will be the decisive one of the war. A great deal of the live stock of the Valley has been run across the mountains into E Va in the last two weeks or more. I am afraid that we will not be able to recover from the effects of this destructive war for a long time. Religious, moral and educational institutions are at a very low ebb and it will take us a long time to catch up again. I am afraid that my perspected scheme for life will be spoiled even should I be spared through the war. I pray that God may direct us both and spare us into life eternal for our dear Redeemer's sake. Please let me have an interest in your daily devotions. If you find it practicable and convenient write to me at Richmond in care of Capt Carrington Va Battery.