On account of a lame hand, got in a frolic, I have not written to you as soon as I intended. I should have written to you on my last arrival at this place; but on last Friday night (this is Monday) I became very glusome and determined to have a sleigh ride. One of the boys said if I got a sleigh, he would furnish the horse and we would have a ride. Slipping around in one of the alleys, I "pressed" the desired article and hitching in  the horse, we started off, for Martinsburg distance 7 miles; we went within sight of the town, but the pickets would not let us thro, as it was after the proscribed hour, being about 12 o'clock. We then turned back and came in fine style till within 3 miles of camp, when the horse took fright and started. I tried to stop him by running him into the fence-course, but that made matters worse, or better I scarce know which, for the vehicle upset, threw us all out, myself upon my face, nearly breaking my nose and spraining my thumb, and by my trying to hold him, dragged me several paces bruising and blackening my eye in an ugly manner. He got away you may guess after all and dashed into town at a wild rate. There was still another sleigh and I with the two belonging to that got into it & drove off, but had not gone more than 50 paces before that horse started also. We got free however, without any additional injuries, and sleigh and horse dashed on. We now had to walk along a road which not an hour before we had passed so merrily with jingling of bells and shouting of glad voices. And so ended the chapter, with the exception of the repairing of the sleighs. - And I had forgot to say that in our party were three sleighs, one broke down & two were run away with, and none came into town whole. Four sleighs were smashed up that night. I know you will think that we were on a spree. If you dont [unclear: Mag] will. But I was not. I was just as sober then as I am in writing this letter. Indeed so sober has been my conduct since I have been in the company, that the boys say they would not believe it if they saw "Samuel B.," as they call him, drunk. And I am not [unclear: boasting] in the least. -- But I am taking up all my letter in the description of my sleighride. I have no news however, of importance. We are back again in the glorious little town of Hedgesville after a most terrible scout. Indeed, we had a rougher time than we have ever had. Two soldiers of one of the Georgia Regs- like to have frouzed to death & two young me who were visiting their acquaintances really did freeze. We expect to quarter here for the Winter & most of the boys are well pleased, there being plenty of pretty and dear girls here. Give my love to all the family & all the Mt Solon girls & [unclear: Maggie] & the [unclear: Dr.] & little May.