I fled from Clarke some three weeks ago, on the invasion of the Yankees, Thinking that they intended a permanent occupancy of Winchester and our end of the Valley. I had intended leaving at any rate before Christmas, And they only expedited my movements. Before reaching the Army I heard of their departure back to Harper's Ferry, but as I had parted with my family, I did not care to return, and undergo the pain of another leave-taking so came direct to the Army at Fredericksburg and have been at Gen. Stuart's , and with Bro. James since. I am now with the latter, giving him what assistance I can in arranging his papers. The Brigade Q.M. having been absent for some time, Bro. J. is acting as Brigade Q.M. Reed consequently has much to do and much bother and trouble, I shall remain with him for the present and until something better offers - I can be of much assistance - And some company and comfort to him. All of which he deserves for he has had rather a hard time since he has been ... ... I left the Yankees were there, and Bart's brothers absent in Loudon, endeavoring to recover thirteen young horses, which they had stolen from him a few days before - He was to have been married on the 9th Inst. but perhaps the Yanks  him and his horses also. I witnessed a portion of the Battle last Saturday but as the papers have given you full details I need add nothing to their account. It was a most signal victory and the loss of    - I rode over the right of the battleground on Tuesday and the dead of the enemy were there laying in heaps - I counted Eighty five in one pile unburied. We do not hear in camp where Burnside now is. There are various rumors--but none reliable - since the Battle we have moved Camp and are now between Fr'burg and Port Royal, some Eight miles to the right of Guineas Depot. We manage to keep passably comfortable, getting our occasonal meals of [unclear: Oysters] and plenty of Ginger cakes at 50c a piece. The worst of it is, [unclear: James'] servant has left and we have to do our own cooking - However, I find necessity - makes me a pretty good Cook. I have managed to get up several very savory dinners.  If you can meet with any one coming to this Brigade, send us a Bale of good smoking Tobacco. We are entirely out. It is getting cold, but there is an abundance of wood, and the troops I think are generally comfortable - Write when you receive this & let us hear what is going on in Richmond. Jim says he has not heard from any of you since he left the Valley -   With much love to  and all -