I hardly have the heart to wish you a Merry Christmas this beautiful Christmas Morning, because I will know merriment is not for you this day but I can and do wish you a happy day and the same to our little dears, who I suppose must be content with very meager gifts and very few sweet things. I thought of them when I first awoke this morning about day - And wondered what you managed to put in their stockings. Memory went back to the many happy Christmas days we have spent together with them. Alas! will the good old times ever return again? And you and I and our little ones dwell together in peace? I hope so. I believe so, but the heart [unclear: sickens] with the deferred hope. As I have been Jim's chief cook for a week, since his servant left not much time was given me this morning for such sad affections, with the responsibilty of a Christmas breakfast on my mind. So I stirred myself from a warm bed  . A Major Quartermaster to a Captain  but necessity - is a hard Master. And you know I can do anything I try - better cook than starve. I wish you could have been present to witness my success and partake of my viandes - Barbecue Rabbit - Beef Hash with Potatoes, hot bread and coffee. If the darkies all leave us, I shall be able to render you some Assistance. We are very comfortable in camp - have good Tents, and wood in abundance to keep off the frost. I have been exeedingly busy for the last week assisting Jim in paying off the troops and really he needed it. He worries at every thing - Allows every trifle to ruffle his equanimity and makes himself constantly unhappy without cause. I wish from my heart he could get out of the Department he is in. Though I see no hope for him - He had a letter from Robert yesterday - All well. And nothing new - I have written you several times since I have been here but as yet have not heard from you. Continue to write - some of your letters will   . I wrote you some account of the great fight - but you will see from the papers how Terribly whipped Burnside was, and what a commotion it has produced in Yankeedom. I think the sky brightens and our chances for peace improve. But still the war may linger on another year, or even to the end of Lincoln's term. It is as warm this morning as June. And every thing bright - If I only was with you for the day at least I would have a happy Christmas -  We are invited to dine with Tom Ballard - And as I am interrupted, I must now stop. With love to all - And kisses and loving messages to my little [unclear: pups],