Nearly a month has elapsed since I last wrote,. And every day since I have hoped to get some tidings of you. But alas, not a word, not a line can i receive, until the heart has indeed become sick with a long deferred hope. I should feel this more sensibly, but that everyone that I have seen in the Army from Clarke or Jefferson, they hear from home from time to time. And as no bad tidings of you come through this source, I argue that you are at least as well off as your neighbors. Still, it is a source of uneasing anxiety and uneasiness that i cannot hear from you personally. i know my love it is no fault of yours and fully appreciate your dependence upon , who either cannot or do not know what it is to be separated for months from wife and children, and confined to the monotony of a camp in winter quarters. If you would put your letters in the hands of those having friends in the Clarke Cavalry, they could be sent out, and then mailed to Richmond. harry Bird told me he heard from hi s family repeatedly in that way. And Mr.  frequently gets  out. One of the Randolphs went home a few weeks ago. Staid two days ...  of the County. I would attempt , in myself, but Milroy is represented as being such a tyrant, that I should fear the consequences of falling into his hands just at this time.   I must wait and bear. Sometimes I regret not having brought you away with me. Though how could you have subsisted at the present price of everything. God only knows. A Major's pay would not pay your board. Flour sells  for $35 per  Bacon $1.25. Beef $1 & everything in like proportion. I sincerely trust that you are not molested by the Yankees and are enabled to provide yourself with such comforts as you need. If there are any goods in the County do not fail to lay in a supply for me. Such as flannel, cloth for pants-coat-Hat-etc. And get  or  to make me a good  of Books. Store them away. Events will very probably enable me to get home before many months. They say we must have a fight here in a few weeks, and then, perhaps we may clear the Valley once more. It is evident that the war will rage this spring with greater fury than ever. May God enable our Armies to successfully resist the hordes of Vandals now being thrown against us! If we can only hold out this campaign. All will be well days ago. Whither he had gone to Lake Ellen-then having been in Richmond several weeks. I regret to have to tell you that her health has failed to such an extent that reason has been dethroned. And she is  by this time at the Asylum, under Dr. Wribling's treatment. Poor Jim! He returned perfectly miserable. He never apprehended such a sad  from her continued bad health. And was of course shocked, beyond degree at her mental aberration. Doubtless her case has been aggravated by long and continued separation from him. Let us pray and  that she may be speedily restored.   I had intended leaving him as soon as he returned and joining the Cavalry, but I could not leave him under such a trial and  to remain during this month, provided the Conscript Officers permitted me. As I am not regularly enrolled and they have been looking at all Regiment Officers of late. And enrolling them in the ranks. When I do leave here, I shall attach myself to Gen. Stuart again and serve in the P.n. in some capacity. I can't stand the ranks. And besides, from some staff officers.  All were well in Richmond when last heard from. Mildred has another son.   With most love to all and many Caresses for my little children Whom I am longing to have in my arms  more. I am, my own beloved wife.