The Sabbath moon opens upon us sadly this morning, and with a heart depressed with a dark and bitter grief I long to commune with some heart which can sympathize with me - We heard yesterday of the death of our noble leader, Genl. Stuart. And the sad news has thrown a gloom upon us all. Since the death of the lamented Jackson, no event, no disaster has so affected me. Jackson was a great loss to his country and the cause. Genl. Stuart is a great loss to his country - but to us, who have been intimately associated with him - to me in particular, his loss is irreparable for in him, I have lost my best friend in the army. I cannot realize that he is gone. that I am to see his gallant figure or hear his cheering voice no more - "God's will be done." A great man has fallen, and his faults are now swalled up and forgotten in the recollection of his eminent virtues - his glorious valor and patriotism. May God in His mercy comfort his poor widow! My heart sorrows for her as for one very near to me-  The corps organization of the Cavalry is suspended for the present. The personal staff being assigned temporarily to the different Cavalry division. Our Q.M. Department  as it is  for the present.  The two armies here still confront each other in line of battle though there has been no serious engagements since Thursday when Genl. Johnson's division was repelled and himself and many of his men captured the position and some of the artillery was recovered but not the provisions. Though in the same day we repulsed every other attack. It has been raining for three days and you can hardly imagine how uncomfortable lying in the mud and wet every day. Fortunately my neuralgia attack has been worn itself out and affects me but very slightly though I am worn out and wearied in mind with continued . Oh if it could all end, and  ... have been in lines of battle exposed to all the inclemency of the weather first the insufferable heat and now the drenching rains - And yet they stand and fight- And the wounded and the maimed and the dying lie around on that cold wet ground. No    to minister to their wounds and the last breath is caught by the passing and no listening ear of affection the sound. How long will a merciful God persist this war? - And with want of  that  from  never cease. Imboden has repulsed the enemy in the Valley and driven them to the the Potomac. All other army news you can learn from the papers much better than I can. I saw Brother James yesterday. He  will. I cannot hear of Harty. I have written you repeatedly  our moves, but fear the letters will hardly reach you. I read yours of the 6th  Have  to the care of   Hugh Chf.  Cav Corps. And I am rejoiced that during all this turmoil and excitement in Richmond, you are in a place so far removed from this scene of danger. And hope you are getting along comfortably. Love to the children and kisses for the babes. Tell Kate     name of Stuart. As to but speaks of  fame and honor.   God be with you my good wife.