I write hurriedly to send by a courier just going off. We have had no fighting of any importance since last Thursday. Of which I have written you. The weather continues wet and the mud unfathomiable. You may imagine our discomfort. Sunday the enemy shifted his position, moving near to the Fredericksburg RR. And in the evening I rode over deserted lines and positions of the battle field. A more awful sight never met my eyes. The enemy's dead were lying thick as they had fallen three days before, in every stage of [unclear: corruption]. They had made no effort to bury hundreds of them. Grant cares not for his men. That is evident from the the way he fights them. And his barbarism in leaving his dead and many of his wounded on the field. Our army is now said to be nearly equal to his. And all seem confident that of final success over him. I pray that it may be so, but since the loss of our beloved General, I confess that I feel unusually despondent. It is natural I reckon. Allowing associations in the war, our informality connected with Gen. Stuart. In times of gloom and danger, his cheering voice and his hopeful smile have always inferred hope and courage on those around him. We miss him sadly, but in his own courage "God's will be done". All is right. Our military family is broken up and scattered. And no corps commander has been appointed yet. Who will take command? I am unable to conjecture. I rejoice that you are not in Richmond during these troubles- We rarely get papers now and know not what is going on there. Doubtless you are as well informed even of our own army as I am. As it is almost impossible to get correct information [unclear: lost in the sea] of the army. A thousand conflicting rumors are circulated. At one time Grant is retreating across the river. And the next moment advancing towards Richmond. My own impression is another and decisive battle will be fought in this vicinity. We have official intelligence of Seigel's in the Valley. Of myself I am glad to say I am better in health, if not better in spirit. Direct your letters care Maj. [unclear: N.R.] FitzHugh HQrs Cav Corps through Genl. Lee's Hqrs. Love to all-