THE MORNING COME BACK TO ME RADIANT WITH FAITH
AND HOPE AND LOVE, EVEN THOUGH DARKENED SOME-
TIMES BY CLOUDS OF WAR. FROM THE MEMORY-
FABRIC MADE OF ALL THOSE GOLDEN DREAMS
THAT CENTER AROUND MY FIRST SOLDIER
I TAKE THE THREADS TO WEAVE THIS
LITTLE STORY OF OLDEN DAYS,
LOVINGLY DEDICATED TO
HIS NAMESAKE SON,
MAJOR GEORGE E. PICKETT, U.S. Army
MY LAST
SOLDIER, WHOSE
LIFE LINKED THOSE
VIVID DAYS WITH THE PRES-
ENT, AND WHO CAME HOME ACROSS
THE SEA FROM THE FAR-OFF PHILIP-
PINES WITH EYES CLOSED TO EARTH TO BE
FOREVER OPENED TO THE LIGHT OF ETERNAL DAY. HALF a century has passed since the
Bugles of Gettysburg first echoed from
height to height, over hill and valley, the
thunder of the red artillery, the rush of the
charging cavalry, the tread of the advancing
infantry, reverberating with unremitting roll of
musketry over the field furrowed and torn by
shot and shell, watered and stained by the
life-blood of friend and foe alike.
Today the bugles of Gettysburg are heard
again, not by armed men with surging pas-
sions, putting a question of empire to the arbit-
rament of the sword, but a quiet throng with
the gentlest phases of their nature awakened
to sad and awesome memories of those battle
days in which a Nation was saved and a Na-
tion was lost.
Three persons are standing in the valley
looking in awed silence at Seminary Ridge and
across the sunlit space to the range opposite,
as if the long ranks of men who passed over
that ground fifty years ago were before their
eyes and they heard the crash of the guns that
made deadly gaps in the line.
One of them is an old man, white-haired and
stooped, with a step that has lost its youthful
alertness. He is in the darkening shadows of
life’s dimming twilight and yet as he wanders
over the historic field the bugles of the past
echo in his heart and his pulses bound again
with the fervor of youth. The winds of battle
sweep around him as he follows the flag up that
flame-crested height to the mouth of the blaz-
ing guns.
Beside him is a gentle-faced woman with a
wealth of gray hair in soft waves around her
face, and dark eyes that hold sad memories of
one who lost his life there. Her gaze is lifted
above the old line of march, seeking visions
beyond the mountains. An officer in the blue
uniform of the United States Army looks down
at her with filial love.
“T was thinking, my son, of him whose name
you bear, my Cousin Garnett;” she said in a
tone that dwelt lingeringly upon the name she
loved. The Colonel pressed her hand tenderly.
He was one of the first to answer President
McKinley’s call for volunteers. Side by side
with his father who, Confederate veteran as
he was, had volunteered with him and donned
the Federal blue at his country’s need, he
served through the Spanish War, and was
commissioned in the regular army. Now he
heard wonderingly the echo of the bugle notes
of those olden days and looked hopefully into
the future, dreaming that it might hold for
him the glory, even though it threw over him
the gloom, of those fame-crowned hills.
Reminiscences of the day that seemed to
belong to a lost age came surging back to the
older man.
“Here, Garnett, my son, is where we marched
through the fires of destruction up, — yes, up
to the very gates of hell. It was terrible —
terrible — ‘magnificent, but not war’ —no,
not war — not war.”
The woman clung shudderingly to his arm
and looked up into his face, whispering, “And
where — where —!”’
“Over there, I think, my dear, over there,”
he replied in a tone dropped low in tender-
ness, gazing toward the outer edge of the field.
‘Yes, somewhere over there, my son, is the
grave of my comrade to whom I owe life and
you and all that is good.”
“How much the old heartsome word, com-
rade, means, Aylett, as you say it today!”
murmured the woman.
The younger man stood silent, looking ques-
tioningly at them both and then across the
field, marveling over the vision his father called
up of half a century gone.
“Yes, my son, the God of Battles, who holds
the universe in the hollow of his hand, knew
that the safety of the Union was the safety
of the States, and He willed that they should
be brought back, each for each.”
The echoes of the bugles of Gettysburg will
forever carry around the world the fame of
Lee and of Meade, of Longstreet and Pickett
and Hancock, Hill, Pettigrew, Birney, Slocum,
Kemper, and Trimble. They tell us anew of
the daring deeds of the Philadelphia Brigade.
They sound “taps” over the unknown grave of
Garnett sleeping where he fell. They sound a
pean for Fauquier’s son, Armistead, and echo
his last words as, with cap on sword, he led his
brigade up to the Federal guns, calling out:
“Remember, boys, remember! Follow me!
Strike for your homes, your wives and your
sweethearts! Come, follow me!”
They thrill with memories of the brave men
of his brigade, of his Colonels, Hodges, Magru-
der, Edwards, Griggs, all of whom were killed,
and of his Lieutenant-Colonels, Phillips, White,
Aylett, all wounded; of Colonel Charles Pey-
ton, the leader of the Game-Cock Regiment,
going into battle with the one arm left to
him from an early battle; of Williams, Mayo,
Patton, and Otey.
Yes, the bugles will ever tell of Dearing and
Caskie, of Clopton and Cushing and Stribling
and Cowan, and the many who bore well their
part here in those fiery days, to meet no more
till they had passed into the Mystic Land.
With those names that are emblazoned upon
the page of history go the spirit and the force
and the courage of the thousands of nameless
heroes who reached the last great height of
sacrifice and left the memory of the private
soldier as a priceless legacy to their country.
The bugles of Gettysburg bear a message of
peace today — the peace which the battle fore-
shadowed and to which it led. A soft sweet
echo of those bugle-notes has swept over the
old battle-field and thrilled the hearts of one-
time foes who have become friends. It has
been the accompaniment of the grandest melody
ever sung, the harmony of friendship and love
into which the years have merged the mourn-
ful sounds of that field of darkness and blood.
The bugles have echoed in sweetest tones over
hands that are clasped across a sea of tears,
all the more warmly because of the distance
and the darkness over which they have met.
They played softly around the scene when
the sword of an unknown hero who fell on the
slope of Cemetery Ridge was returned upon
that field by Colonel Cowan of Cushing’s Bat-
tery, who had kept it through many years
vainly seeking some one with title to receive
that sacred weapon dropped from the brave
hand that bore it with honor unto death.
They rang out in thrilling music when the
sword of Armistead was returned to Pickett’s
men beside the scroll which marks the spot
where it fell from the hand that had borne it
through fire and blood to the remotest limit of
the high tide at Gettysburg, and which fell
nerveless when that tide receded.
Above the plain, over the range of hills and
around the desolate peaks of the Round Tops
that keep solemn guard over the ground on
which the greatest chapter of our history was
written, the echoes of the bugles of Gettysburg
yet thrill with quivering memories of the days
that consecrated those hills to immortality.
And to the three who stand there together,
hand clasped in hand, eyes dimmed with tears,
this is the story the bugles tell.
: HE latest news is that Virginia has
seceded.”
“Yes. I wonder what the Captain will
do.” :
The young Lieutenant sitting just within
the door raised his head as the speakers passed.
The lines of his mouth drew tense and his
brown eyes deepened almost to black.
“Whatever the Captain may do, there is
only one thing the Lieutenant can do,’ he
said to himself grimly; “only one thing, and
it is like letting out the heart’s blood to do it.”
The one thing that the Lieutenant could do
must be done at once. ‘The first mail east
must carry his resignation to the War Depart-
ment. But at what cost, at what terrific
cost!
He sat long in the dusk, gazing out upon the
flag floating proudly from its staff. The wav-
ing of its red, white, and blue folds thrilled
him as in the olden times. He could not recall
a day. when that banner had not been to him
a sacred thing. There came memories of boy-
hood days in his home city when he watched
it fluttering in the wind, borne at the head
of a long line of veterans of 1812, celebrating
the triumphs they had won in their hot-blooded
youth. He remembered the ambition that
filled his heart as he thought that some day he
too would be one of a long blue line to celebrate
hard-won battles.
The old time at West Point, its hardships
and ambitions, its work and fun, its boyish
dreams; they all came back now that the old
life was done.
And over them all the old flag had waved.
Before his heart’s vision waved another flag,
deep blue, bearing the legend “Sic Semper
_Tyrannis,”. the motto of Virginia, Mother of
States, Mother of Presidents, and, nearer and
dearer to him, Mother of his home and of all
most loved by him.
Over mountain and plain, across desert and
forest, came that loved and loving voice:
“Come back to Virginia. Come home! Come
home!”’
“Come back to Virginia.”” He would answer
the call through all the long and weary miles
that lay between the Pacific Coast and the dear
old State that called him. What would she
think — Catherine Marshall, his promised wife?
Surely she would know that it had taken
the news long to reach him. Surely she must
realize that the return home would require
many weeks. Yet, she might wait and wonder
and marvel over his delay when Virginia
called him. Would she doubt?
And the Captain, his beloved Captain?
Elbows on knees, he sunk his head in his
hands. How could he meet the reproach which
would look out of those tiger-gray eyes when
he announced his determination to resign from
the service under the flag they had both loved
so well? And suppose it were more than re-
proach? Suppose his superior officer, unswerv-
ing in his devotion to duty, should consider
him a traitor — should forbid his leaving the
post — should place him under arrest!
He rose stiffly, with white lips and set jaw.
He would go at once, before his courage failed.
He found Captain Pickett arrayed for a
dinner at Governor Tilton’s, a handsome figure
in his full-dress uniform, erect as a young
pine, alert as a panther. His tiger-like eyes,
gray, with glints of blue in sunny moods, glit-
tering like steel when he led his men to battle,
darkening in moments of deep emotion, now
flashed out skyey tints as he smiled a welcome.
“Perhaps, Captain, you may guess the er-
rand on which I have come. You have, of
course, heard the news of Virginia?”
“That she has seceded? Yes.”
He spoke in the low tone that had been
called “a velvet casing around a charge of
dynamite.”
There was a pause. Jasper Carrington
shifted his hat uneasily, painfully conscious
that he was behaving like a schoolboy. He
nerved himself to the effort.
“It was momentous news to me,” he said.
“TI have been battling with myself for hours.”
He paused again. Perhaps the Captain
would say something, would ask a question.
But the Captain was waiting, with official cour-
tesy, for the younger man to tell his story.
“TI —I have loved the flag, the Union, so
well.”’ Jasper’s voice was not quite steady.
“T had thought that they would always be as
dear, even dearer, as the years went by. ...
And now, this comes, and changes things so. .
.. 1 seem to love my country as much, or
more—God only knows how it hurts to have to
choose; but Virginia, the State that gave me
birth, and my father and grandfather before
me — she needs me, she calls me —”
He took a step forward as if he saw a vision.
His voice broke and sank almost to a whisper.
“She calls me —and—TI cannot choose —
but — go.”
He stepped back and steadied himself against
a chair.
“Forgive me, Captain.” He bowed. “I
beg your pardon.”
“Be seated, Lieutenant.”’
There was no change in the level tone, but
the Captain’s face was white.
“Be seated, please.” And after a moment,
“Have you anything further to say?”
“Only this, Captain Pickett. I should like
to add that, as it has been no small part of my
happiness in the Army to be under your com-
mand, so the leaving of that command is no
small part of my unhappiness in withdrawing
from the Army. I have been proud, very
proud, of my Captain. I am sorry, more
than sorry, to go.”
Again he bowed with military formality.
“And now I must not detain you longer. I
should not have come at such an hour.”
He awaited permission to retire, but it did
not come.
“There is no haste, Lieutenant. There is
still time before dinner.”’
The Captain spoke absently, and toyed
with an Indian knife lying on his desk for use
as a paper-cutter. Then he rose and began to
pace back and forth in the restricted space
between the walls.
“You know, of course, Lieutenant, that I
also am a Virginian?”
“Yes, Captain.”
“Did you suppose — did you think that I
should not be tempted? That it would be no
struggle for me to remain with the flag we
have served together so long?”’
His head was bent and Jasper could not
see his face.
“T could not judge for any but myself, Cap-
tain,’ he said at length. “In other cir-
cumstances I should have come to you and
consulted you and been guided by the course
you took. But—TI have a mother and sis-
ter in Virginia; they and the old home must
be guarded. And—I have a_ sweetheart.
The woman who is to be my wife has no
brother to fight for her. There are many
reasons why I should return when my State
calls me.”
Captain Pickett, still pacing slowly back and
forth, hands behind him, paused before the
Lieutenant and raised his head.
“Lieutenant Carrington,” he said, “I, too,
have battled with myself, have felt my heart-
strings strained to breaking point as I thought
of the old flag, have heard Virginia calling,
calling.”” He put his two hands on the Lieu-
tenant’s shoulders. ‘“‘And I, too, cannot
choose — but — go.”
They stood thus, gazing into one another’s
eyes. Then Lieutenant Carrington’s fell.
“Bravo, my Captain!” he whispered.
The Captain turned slowly to his desk and
laid his hands heavily on a large official en-
velope.
“I sealed this a few moments before you
came,” he said in a low tone. “It contains
my resignation from the United States Army.
God forgive me, but it must be so.”
He held out his hand and the two soldiers
who had sacrificed so much clasped hands.
“Now,” said the Captain, “we are no
longer officers of the United States Army;
we are soldiers of Virginia with no formalities
of rank between us, one in devotion to her
service.”
After the Lieutenant had gone the Captain
stood long in sad meditation, not like one who
hesitates, but as a man who takes leave of all
his past life.
He thought of the man who had first made
the aspiration of his youth the realization of
his manhood. A heavy sadness came with
the memory. How that dear old friend —
now the head of the Nation, the man at the
wheel of the Ship of State — would grieve when
he knew that at the parting of the ways his
cadet had taken the opposite road.
He recalled his first experience of the real-
ities of war — the war with Mexico which had
first shaken his youthful conviction that his
country could not even by a hair’s-breadth
be anything but right. The memory of those
early days of battle returned through the
years; the wearisome march over sun-baked
roads under tropical skies, the rush up em-
battled heights to flaming summits.
Then came the campaigns of the wind-swept
plains; the sharp, swift conflict, the triumph,
and then—the part that he loved — the
uplifting of the conquered to a higher life, a
knowledge of the ways of peace, of something
better than ghost dances and the slaying of
enemies. Whatever might come to him in
after life, he should remember with joy that
he had brought some of the light of knowledge
into the lives of the children of the plains.
And the flag waved over it all! Always the
flag! Always its blue sky with the fixed stars
shining down and its red and white folds wav-
ing in the breeze! Always the flag, beckoning,
leading on to victory. Always the flag — the
flag!
HE winds were whirling the dust of San
Francisco into the face of a man who had
just landed from a south-bound steamer and
was walking up Clay Street from the rickety
old wharf. His hat was pulled low upon his
forehead, his gray tiger-eyes almost hidden
by its brim. He was opposing a strong front
against the wind, like one used to battle.
So absorbed was he in the conflict and so
blinded by the dust that he did not see a fellow-
sufferer coming in the opposite direction until
made aware of him by a sudden impact which
thrust them both into the friendly shelter of
an overarching entrance, where they looked
at each other breathlessly.
“Carrington!”’ cried he of the tiger-eyes.
“Ts it possible? How very remarkable, after
missing our rendezvous.”
They clasped hands in a way that signified
not only old-time friendship but a new-born
tie so strong that it needed not words to attest
its fidelity.
“Tt is indeed remarkable, Captain. I’ve
been wondering how on earth we should find
each other.”
“Yes. I wasn’t able to leave the post five
days after you as I planned, and through that
I missed a boat. I’ve only just got in. I
was going to hunt for you, but had no idea
where to begin.”
The wind swept around the corner and
scudded off with the Captain’s hat, which his
companion caught and restored to its owner.
Then with a start of surprise he said:
“Tt is you, Captain, all right, but — Nar-
cissus without his tresses, Apollo without
his lute.” Laughingly he went on, ‘‘What
on earth did you do it for? How did it hap-
pen?”
“T didn’t ‘do it for.’ It was an accident.”
“An accident? You don’t say so.”
“Yes. Just before I left the post I went into
the shop to have my hair trimmed as usual,
and it seems the barber was a new man. He
says he asked me about it and I said yes, or
murmured something he took to be yes. I was,
naturally, very much absorbed in thought,
and perhaps I did. Anyway, I noticed nothing
till my locks lay on the floor. But I’ve real-
ized since that it was a good thing. Perhaps
it wouldn’t be safe for me to be standing talk-
ing to you here, otherwise.”
“T suppose not. And we must get away as
soon as possible. But don’t worry, Captain.
Your own mother wouldn’t recognize you when
you’re not speaking. I knew your voice, but
if I had seen you before you spoke I never in
the world should have suspected that it was
you.”
“This blustering wind has its compensations,
then. It has saved us our search for one
another. But you, Carrington?”
“Oh, I’m safe enough. As you see, I’m
roughing it, and nobody but a faithful friend
with eyes and heart like yours would know
me. Come, let’s go over to Peter Job’s.”
“Peter Job’s? That sounds rather too apos-
tolic and redundant of virtue for a pair of
rough soldiers.”’
“Tt is appetizing and redundant of hospital-
ity, at any rate, and we can get a spread and a
bottle of good Heidsieck, and lave our souls
in golden memories before the overshadowing
events become too heavy to be forgotten.”
Into the driving wind they went again,
crossing to Washington Street and passing the
Opera House to Peter Job’s, where they se-
cured a table in an alcove hidden by a curtain.
It was the leisure time between luncheon and
dinner and most of the tables were deserted.
Later two men in the uniform of the United
States Army came in and took seats at a table
near them, looking carefully around the room
and afterward bending their heads together
over a piece of paper.
“Medium size; good build; graceful form;
long, curling brown hair; gray eyes with shades
of blue; fair complexion; picturesque appear-
ance,” one of them drawled after draining his
third glass.
“Hair is always uncertain. It might be cut.”
““Fyes ought to have a permanent signifi-
cance, but if sometimes blue and sometimes
gray how the dickens can you tell?”
“Fair complexion; all right unless he paints.”
“Picturesque; probably he does.”
Carrington, hidden behind the curtain, ex-
changed glances with his companion and
anxiously waited till their neighbors were
gone.
As they went down the street they saw the
two officers opposite. At the corner the Cap-
tain and Jasper turned down a cross street.
The blue-uniformed men followed, as if they
too might have been incidentally going in that
direction. When they reached the next cor-
ner the Virginians turned again and looked.
The officers still followed them.
At the next turning were two men fighting,
a group of street idlers blocking the way.
Skilfully eluding the pack, the Captain and
Jasper had the satisfaction on looking back
of seeing the unknown officers caught in the
mob and jostled to the pavement. While the
victims were extricating themselves Jasper
drew his companion down a flight of steps into
a subterranean apartment. The room was
empty, and Jasper hurried through it, holding
the Captain by the hand. They passed through
the door on the opposite side and came into the
open street, where they called a hack. Giving
an order to the driver they speeded up the
street. They did not see a dark man of sin-
ister aspect who looked in vain for another
vehicle and went his way cursing.
“Neatly done,” said the Captain.
“That comes of knowing your San Francisco.
I am taking you to my quarters. When you
reflect upon the importance of quiet you will
understand that they cannot be of a magnifi-
cent description, but they will give us a safe
shelter. To-morrow the Uncle Sam will set
sail for New York, and two vagabonds, very
much unknown, will be among the passengers.
See? I shall reverse the name of our host of
this afternoon and become ‘Job Peters,’ a ship-
wrecked sailor. And you— you shall be a
wandering troubadour from Provence and
from the twelfth century. You look enough
like it, and your guitar will come in place.
What name shall you take?”
They talked and planned far into the night,
but were up betimes and went early aboard
the Uncle Sam. They stood together and
watched the varied throngs come up the gang-
plank. Jasper made jesting remarks in an
undertone, though Captain Pickett warned
him that their conversation must be limited
and of the most commonplace character.
““Yon Cassius hath a lean and hungry
look,’’’ whispered Jasper, as a tall, spare man,
his slouch hat low over his eyes and his chin
sunk in his collar, passed them with a keen
glance. A few feet away the man turned and
again looked at them, but Captain Pickett,
clever in his part of alien, stared vacantly at
him and he went on.
The ship weighed anchor and the long, weary
voyage began. She was barely out of sight of
land before it began to be whispered about
that two of her passengers were of unusual
interest even in that motley crowd. One was
“Job Peters,” a sailor whose graphic yarns en-
lightened the tedium of the monotonous voy-
age. The other was “Arnaut Jasmin,” from
South Europe, a slender, graceful man, having
but slight acquaintance with the English
language. He would listen to the stories of
his sailor companion, now with ‘interest and
again with bewilderment as a confusion of new
words would interrupt the thread of the nar-
rative. When alone he would take his guitar
and sing a sprightly lyric of France or a Span-
ish serenade, playing an accompaniment as
he sang. A group of music lovers would
gather round him in moods responsive to the
gaiety of his barcarolles or the melanchcly of
his love songs.
“Lieutenant, have you an enemy?”
The two Virginians stood in a remote part
of the boat and trusted themselves to speak
naturally.
“I hope so, Captain. I should not like to
be so characterless as not to have one.”
“But an inveterate enemy, I mean. One
who pursues you relentlessly as a supreme ob-
ject in life, like the villain in the play on the
track of the noble hero.”
“‘T have never posed as a noble hero suffi-
ciently to know. Possibly if I should ever
distinguish myself in that way such a person-
ality might develop. It would be necessary,
as the play could scarcely go on without him.”
“T am in dead earnest, Jasper.”’
Sporam 4h.”
“And this may be a tragedy for you. I am
trying to warn you.”
“Don’t do it. Not that I am ungrateful,
but you know what the philosophic Arabs
say:
“On two days it steads not to run from thy grave —
On the appointed and the unappointed day;
On the first neither balm nor physician can save,
Nor thee on the second the universe slay.
“But what on earth has put it into your
head just now that I have — what did you call
him?— an inveterate enemy? You do not
fancy that something is about to happen to
me, do you! What shadow do you see upon
the deck?”
“Tt is worse than a shadow; it is a persist-
ent and vindictive looking substance that has
caused me anxiety for some days; the spare
man with a dark, gloomy, sinister, determined
face — ‘yon Cassius,’ in a word.”
“Why, I never saw the fellow before.”
“Nor I. But he watches you most malevo-
lently. He may be mad. But I don’t like
it, and if I were you I’d be on the alert when
he’s around.”
“Tt must be, then, Captain, that there is
some one on board who does not like me. I
am grateful to him. You warn me of him?
I am even more grateful to you.”
“He seems to be one of our own countrymen,
strange to say. He speaks most unmistakably
the mother-tongue of the blessed State to which
we are bound.”
“TI can’t think who he is unless it is that
hound Campo. They call him the Raven,
because he is dark and gloomy and prophetic
of evil. But I beg the raven’s pardon; this
Raven is more than that: he is thoroughly
unprincipled and desperate. I myself don’t
know him, but have been told that he regards
me with especial malevolence because he is
jealous. The puppy has the presumption and
impudence to imagine himself in love with one
whose heart is in my keeping.”
*“Ah! that sounds reasonable, though not
the less detestable. But stay, some one is
coming.”
And the Captain strummed gently on his
guitar and turned a melancholy gaze sea-
ward.
HEN the Uncle Sam weighed anchor ’
in New York harbor two of her pas-
sengers were standing a little apart from the
others, silent amid the commotion of arrival
but watching narrowly all that occurred and
listening with quiet attention to the conversa-
tion that went on around them, their anxiety
hidden by an air of casual interest. The dark
man they called Cassius stood near them.
When the pilot came on board, the Captain
of the ship, with the eagerness of one who has
had no word from shore for weeks, called out:
““What’s the news?”
“It’s a black squall here,’’ was the reply,
“and it veers north’ard and south’ard till a
man doesn’t know which way he’s sailing.”
“What’s the particular blow today?”
“Arrests for treason and all that. One man
just brought here in a boat in irons. Let’s
see — what’s his name? He’s a Com’dore —
Com’dore Barron, — yes, that’s it.”
“Job Peters” started like one who had re-
ceived a sudden shock and his friend impul-
sively moved toward him as if to defend him
from a blow. The dark man smiled grimly.
“T can’t help feeling that it’s kind o’ queer
to think of Americans being brought to for
that sort o’ thing, and one with the Com’dore’s
log-book, too.” The ship’s Captain spoke irri-
tably. ‘But I’m not saying anything except
it’s a time when it pays a man to keep his sails
close reefed and hug the shore.”’
The two quiet travelers had no baggage to
detain them, he of the troubadour guise having
left all papers and valuables in the care of the
British officers who had occupied San Juan
with him, and Jasper having abandoned in
San Francisco everything that could have
betrayed him.
They left the ship separately, meeting a
half hour later at a designated point above
the wharf, from which they walked on along
the water’s edge.
“Where are we going, Jasper? New York
ought to be big enough to afford us a haven of
safety somewhere.”
“Yes, but we'll have to be careful where we
sail; there are plenty of sand bars on which
to wreck our craft and whirlpools enough to
sink us to the depths.”
“T see you think we are adrift upon an
unknown sea.”
“Almost, Captain, though I do know one
harbor alongshore. It is kept by an old sea
captain who is laid up now but never gets far
away from the ocean. He must be where he
can hear it roll and see it toss up its waves to
the sun. He would be lonesome without that,
so he stays down here in a place called Sailors’
Rest, — he says because sailors have never
been known to rest there. He is out of poli-
tics, — has never been in. Says he found the
water treacherous enough for him.”
The silent man knew that his friend was
talking against time, talking against thought,
talking against feeling. He took his hand and
gently spoke his name. The two went on in
silence until they reached Sailors’ Rest, where
they were received by a bluff old seaman,
rollicking and jolly, with a walk like the roll-
ing of the waves.
“Jasper Carrington! Many’s the storm your
uncle, the Commodore, and I have weathered
together, and many’s the voyage we’ve taken
over waves that rocked as gently as a cradle.”
Jasper introduced his companion and the
sailor went on:
“You’re both as welcome as a sunshiny
morning after a squally night; and you, Cap-
tain Pickett, —I am as glad to see you as if
you had trod the quarterdeck with us.”’
He led the way upstairs with voluminous
expressions of delight. When they were in
his loft he shut the door and turned to Jas-
per with a serious look.
“T know about Uncle,” said Jasper. “I
heard it as I landed.”
“You mustn’t cast anchor here very long.
There’s nothing you can do and you’d only
make things worse by getting scuttled yourself.
He has shipmates here and they’ll do every-
thing that can be done to get him into safe
water again.”
“T know you will do all that is possible.”
“Tl set your sails for a safe harbor where
you can look around a bit and get your bear-
ings. Of course, they can’t do anything to
the Com’dore more’n to keep him in the hold
awhile.”
“T thought Sailors’ Rest was as good a har-
bor as could be found,” said Jasper.
“Tt looks like it, but loyal as I am and quiet
as I am, they have an eye on my place, for some
reason.”
A commotion below called the old sailor away
and his guests heard him saying:
“On with your serious mug and doctor’s
coat, shipmate.”’
He went on down the stairs and his voice
came back to them in greeting to apparently
unwelcome visitors:
“Officers is it you want? You won’t find
*em here. What do you think I want o’ shoot-
ing irons and cutting things around Sailors’
Rest? This is a peaceful harbor for unsea-
worthy craft to sail into and put up for repairs.
You won’t find anything here but boats gone to
wreck and sea-dogs on their last legs.”’
“T suppose you will let us look around over
your upper deck, will you not? This young
man was on the boat with them and heard
them arranging to come here.”
“There’s no one come yet, but go right
ahead; no, wait. Better ask old Pill-box first.
There’s a sick man up there steering straight
for t’other world with a gospel pilot towing
him in, and you might have to step in quiet.
Here comes the medical mate. These gentle-
men want to go up, Doc.”
“They can’t, unless they want to have mur-
der on their souls,”
After a moment’s consultation they decided
to give the sick man his one chance and de-
parted. The sailor returned to his guests.
“TI made them believe old Salt-Water Jake
was a life-buoy, and he doesn’t know a pill
from a pulpit. But it’s getting rough weather
here for you. There’s a squall coming up
from the north and you’d better up sail and
scud before the wind to a safer port.”
“None of your ports up this way seem to be
very safe,”’ replied Jasper.
“Well, you might have struck a peacefuler
landing than this. But there’s a gospel tug
up in the city hooked to a Ship of Zion away
up among the high swells that’ll tow you along
into smoother sailing and land you on to a
shore where the green pastures of peace will
lie all around you.”
The “ gospel tug” mentioned by the old sailor
was the pastor of a popular church in New
York. Though he was of a Northern family,
brother of a man who-afterward won distinc-
tion in the Federal Army, his sympathies went
out to the South. Many a Southron, fleeing
homeward to offer his sword to his country,
had been protected and helped on his way by
the great-hearted preacher.
The two soldiers knew of the minister and
his friendship for their cause, and gladly fol-
lowed the suggestion of their friend.
So often had similar incidents occurred that
Dr. Paxton was not surprised that morning
to receive a call from the two who were flee-
ing from the over-warm hospitality of the
otherwise frigid North.
“George Pickett and Jasper Carrington, you
say? Good names — names that are both dear
to me. Nevertheless, I am not sure that I am
‘glad to see you, for the atmosphere here is not
very healthful for such as you, my friends.”
“Any atmosphere should be healthful where
you are, Doctor.”
“Ah, if it were,” said the minister, “I
would diffuse it all over the country and re-
store sanity and good fellowship.”
“You are doing useful work, as it.is, in mak-
ing a haven of restfulness and safety for those
who are hastening to the defense of their
homes and firesides.”’
“T do the little that God has given me the
power to do. But, come, you have not break-
fasted.”
“No; our late host, generous as he 1s, had
good reason for not insisting upon our company
at breakfast.”
“Then you shall give me that pleasure.
Breakfast is served and I hope we may be
allowed to take it in peace.”
But the good man was not permitted to
realize his hope. They had just taken places
at table when the bell sounded and the host
excused himself. Returning he said:
“They have begun early today. It is the
third time within a week that my house has
been thus honored. Come down this hall
and find a hiding-place outside while my faith-
ful butler looks for the door-key which he has
accidentally dropped.”
He guided them through a hallway into a
small garden inclosed by a high wall, beckon-
ing to two men who were fastening to a lattice
a rose-vine which had been torn loose by the
wind. The workmen came promptly forward,
as if accustomed to such interruptions, and put
their rough coats and hats upon the new-
comers, saying, “Quick, take our places at
the roses,” and disappeared.
The officers and their sinister-looking guide,
having reached the dining-room in their search,
looked from the window and saw two men
who seemed absorbed in gardening. Raising
the window one of them called:
“Have you seen any men going through here
this morning?”
“No, sir,” said Jasper. ‘“‘We ain’t seed
nobody.” He spoke with a nasal twang and
fumbled clumsily with his hat.
The other workman looked on with an ex-
pression of curiosity as if but half compre-
hending what was said.
Returning to the library the officers took an
apologetic leave of Dr. Paxton. |
“That is all right, gentlemen,” said the
Doctor. ‘“‘These times require strict watch-
fulness. Good morning.”
When the unwelcome callers were gone Dr.
Paxton invited the volunteer gardeners to re-
turn to their breakfast, at the close of which
he said:
“T hope you will not think it inhospitable if
I suggest your going at once; it is sometimes
far more hospitable to speed the parting
guest.”
“We thank you, Doctor, with all our hearts
for this, the truest hospitality, but the ques-
tion is, how are we to get away?”
“Remembering a friend is leaving for Can-
ada, I have just sent a message to him hasten-
ing his departure by a day or two. His love
for me and loyalty to our cause is unquestioned ;
you will be safe with him.”
“Go to Virginia by way of Canada?”
“It is a case in which the longest way around
is the shortest way home,” he laughed.
That evening George Pickett and Jasper
Carrington took the train for Canada, every
revolution of the wheels carrying them farther
and farther away from the home and friends
they were so eager to reach.
HE dim old library at Magnolia Lawn
was very cool and quiet. The sun, which
all day had beaten somewhat too warmly down
upon the thick vines and closed shutters, now
sent his last level rays unhindered through the
wide uncurtained windows. One of them, slip-
ping silently inch by inch, at last touched the
flowerlike face of a girl sitting in a low chair
by the center-table. She glanced at the west
windows, then closed the book which had lain
idle on her knee. It was useless to try to read;
she had not turned a page since first sitting
down some twenty minutes before.
She walked slowly to the end of the long
room and stood with her hands behind her,
looking northward. She did not see the wide
gardens nor the fields beyond. She saw, hun-
dreds of miles away, the Northern camp.
Floating proudly above it were the once be-
loved Stars and Stripes. She saw the long
ranks of men in blue, and among them, prepar-
ing to fight— perhaps already fighting —
against his home, his friends, his brothers,
was the man she loved. Dear God! could she
bear anything so horrible? Surely her heart
must break. Surely some terrible illness must
smite her, mercifully, to blot out consciousness,
memory, torment.
“Why shut up in the library, Cousin Kate?
I’ve been looking for you everywhere.”
“Oh, is that you, Garnett?” She turned,
with a wan smile, as he crossed the room.
“T thought you were busy. I’ve been trying
to read.”’
“Why ‘trying,’ if you are not in the mood?”
“Oh, because. It doesn’t do to think too
much. I can’t keep my thoughts from those
of our boys who haven’t come home yet. Hun-
dreds have come, you know, from all over the
country, but there were a good many on the
Pacific Coast, and nothing has been heard of
them. There is Captain Pickett, for one. It
surely cannot be that he would remain with
the North. And yet — where is he? No one
has heard, no one has any idea. It seems so
terrible not to know, doesn’t it?”
She was silent for a few moments.
“There are others we know personally.
Lieutenant Carrington, of Brightview, the big
place over by the gap; I don’t believe you’ve
ever met him. The family inherited the place
and came there when you were away. His
mother and sister are nearly wild. Some one
— but an enemy of his — sent word that he
was seen in New York days ago, so he must
have come east. And his not coming home
looks so suspicious. Can you imagine any-
thing that would detain him —that would
detain any one after landing?”
“There are always delays, Cousin mine, and
of course if our men walked out with French
leave — they may not have been allowed to
resign, you know —if they deserted, to put it
bluntly, they are liable to arrest.”
“‘And what then?”” The words were only a
whisper.
He glanced at her white, tense face; then
closed his big hand over her small one as it
hung at her side.
“Nothing, perhaps,” he said reassuringly.
““A few days’ imprisonment, or a mere repri-
mand, probably.”
“You really think so, Cousin Garnett?”
She looked up at him like an eager child.
He turned away his head. He was not used
to lying, this clear-eyed young soldier.
“Surely, Cousin mine. But why waste ten-
der sympathy over neighbors and heroes you
have hardly seen, when they may not be in
need of it? And God knows,” he added
solemnly, ‘‘we may all be in dire need of it be-
fore many moons have passed. How doubly,
trebly blessed are those of us for whom your
special prayers will arise. Ah, Kate, if I might
go into battle to-morrow with a word of more
than cousinly affection. If you would give
me hope, hope. I will wait — for years, if it
need be; I won’t bother you, if you will only
tell me that I carry your love with me when I
go. Can you—will you—tell me that?
You have had my love so long.”
The girl’s eyes filled with tears.
“Garnett dear! Dear Garnett! I do love
you, but not that way. Please don’t be un-
happy about it. And you make me unhappy,
too. And we should have only sweet, tender
memories of your last evening before you go
out to fight for us. You go to fight for the
South, Garnett, above all, but— you have
no sister — when the other men are thinking
of their mothers and sisters, if they seem to
be fighting for them, I shall be proud—so
proud —if you will think of me. We have
been more to one another than cousins, Gar-
nett, dear; you have been to me the brother
I have never had, and I perhaps to you the
sister who died when you were little. You
may fight for the South and —and for me,
dear Cousin.”’
She turned to the window, where the twi-
light was deepening. Her voice sank.
“And each morning and evening, wherever
I am, I shall pray for you, that God may bless
and keep you and bring you back to us.”
He bent and kissed her two _ hands,
reverently.
“Tt is as God wills,” he said gently.
“Though I may not have your heart I am
more than blessed in having your prayers.”
He left the room slowly, as if loth to go.
The girl still stood by the window. He was
very dear to her, this soldier cousin. It hurt
her to give him pain. She wondered, vaguely,
how girls could glory in their conquests when it
hurt so much.
She thought of one man whose wooing had
frightened her; the only one among many
for whom she had felt no pang when she re-
fused him. She had since heard that he had
sworn vengeance upon Jasper. What a cow-
ardly —what a despicable — step to take! It
was he who had sent word that Jasper had
returned to the East but remained in the
Union Army.
She lifted a white face.
“Dear God, make it not true! make it not
true!”
FROM Canada our travelers rode south-
ward, keeping to trackless wilderness
and mountain roads. After some days they
struck a narrow pass in the Cumberland Moun-
tains where the range divides the golden fields
of old Kentucky from the neighboring lands of
Tennessee. A storm had swept down upon
the heights and a swirl of strong winds hurled
itself wildly over the towering gray ramparts
and against the jagged walls of the dark moun-
tain-clefts. Lightnings flashed into the black
corridors and thunders reverberated from wall
to wall like the crash of guns in a great artil-
lery battle. Riding through the pass the
Captain and Jasper stopped under a shelving
ledge, sheltering themselves from the blinding
sheets of rain.
“T say, Captain.”
“Well?”
“This doesn’t seem like hospitable Ken-
tucky.”’
“Tt does not. When Kentucky was created
all the acrid characteristics which might have
been scattered through her and injected into
the hearts of her people were heaped up along
the border line where nobody but outlaws
like you and me need ever meet them. Hos-
pitable Kentucky is down there on the level
green and gold meadows where the people open
houses and hearts to all who come their way.”
Jasper looked wistfully down into the valley.
“If the poet expected a cheerful answer to
his query, ‘What pleasure dwells in heights?’
he could not have addressed it to fugitives
lost in mountain thunder-storms.”
“T have friends down there in the meadow,”
said the Captain.
“This is the time of need when a friend would
be a friend indeed.”
A retrospective look overspread the coun-
tenance of the Captain.
“The homey enchantment of the old place
comes back to me now. ‘The flavor of the won-
derful things emerging from that generous
larder appeals to me more strongly than did
Lucullian banquets to the Roman epicure.
And — oh, the bottles of Kentucky sunshine
hidden away in the cellar, wound about with
spider-webs of decades and crowned with gar-
lands of vanished years!”
“Tf I ever had a shade of delicacy about
accepting unoffered invitations the winds have
blown it away. Let’s go.”
They plunged into the valley, leaping brooks
and fences, pounding over rocks and rugged
cross-roads and skimming lightly down meadow-
paths. The storm followed them, blotting
out the stars that flamed in the dusks of the
deep sky and filling the night with a cannon-
ade. Entering spacious grounds they cantered
up a wide driveway, dismounted and struck
the old knocker which had hung upon the
front door since “‘good old colony times when
we lived under the king.” The door was
opened hesitatingly and a face peered out.
A gleam of light fell upon the travelers and
the door was thrown wide open while a genial
voice called:
“George Pickett! I need not tell you how
welcome you are.”
They entered the wide hall and the Cap-
tain introduced his friend. The host cordially
grasped the Lieutenant’s hand.
“Your friend is necessarily on the right
side,” he said as he ushered his visitors into a
bright room where they were welcomed by a
gentle-faced woman.
“‘T have been watching for your name on our
Army list, Captain,” said the host, “and have
wondered that you were so long delayed. I
was half afraid of you when I heard your
knock. We have had two visits today; one
from cavalrymen who called us rebels and took
off our horses, and the other from a detach-
ment of infantry who addressed us as decorated
Yankees and killed our cows. You may under-
stand that the experience has tended to nar-
row our hospitality to strangers.”
“Tt might have that effect.”
“Now I shall take you to my room where
you will put on what clothes we can find that
fit you best and let Mammy Dilsey dry yours
by the kitchen fire. After that you are to have
an old Kentucky supper such as you have not
seen for years. Pomp, bring out the ‘Golden
Particular’; nothing else will do for an occa-
sion like this.”
“Yas, suh,” said Pomp from somewhere in
the shadows. ee
If the pleasant home environment and the
lulling influence of the Kentucky supper led
the travelers to anticipations of a restful night
they were doomed to disappointment, as they
had not jogged far into Slumber-Land when
they were awakened by a vigorous clutch.
“They have come,” said the Kentuckian,
“and they outnumber us. No, let your pis-
tols alone. You can’t afford a fight when you
don’t know which side the first shot may bring
down on you. Come.”
The visitors followed him into an unfinished
room with unplastered walls and ceiling.
“Up among the joists.”
They swung themselves up and, peering down
between, waited. Soon afterward footsteps
entered the room they had left and came
toward their hiding-place. The door opened and
Pomp appeared upon the threshold carrying a
lighted candle, two officers following him. As
the sable guide stepped across the entrance he
stumbled and the candle fell from his hand.
“Ef dat can’le ain’ done gone en unlit it-
se’ f,” grumbled old Pomp from the darkness
that followed the accident. “ Jes’ wait, Mar-
sers, en I'll git a match.” .
The matches were hard to find and some
minutes elapsed before Pomp announced ex-
ultantly:
“Hyear dey is. Now we'll hab a light.”
There followed a succession of unavailing
efforts to strike a light and Pomp’s disap-
pointed voice growled:
. ‘°Clar ter gracious! pear lak dese matches
ain’ got no eend ’tall ’cep’n de wrong eend.”
After another series of labored efforts he suc-
ceeded in lighting his candle and started toward
the door where the officers waited. The clat-
ter of galloping horses was heard coming nearer
and nearer and then the cry:
“Morgan’s Mens! Morgan’s Mens!”
““Morgan’s Mens is comin’!”’ shouted old
Sambo bursting into the room that was feebly
lit by Pomp’s struggling candle.
The two officers rushed out of the room,
joined their companions who had waited below,
and their horses were heard clattering away in
the distance. The Captain and Sam leaped
from the joists.
“Where are Morgan’s Men?”
“De Lawd He know, Marse Cap’n. He’s
mos’ in gen’ally de onlyes’ one whut does
know. Ober on t’udder side er Ole Kaintuck,
I s’pose. Dey wuz hyear yis’day, en any man
whut ’spec’s Morgan’s Men ter be terday whar
dey wuz yis’day don’ know needer de mens
ner needer de hosses.”’
“But you said they were here.”
“Dat’s cause dey wan’t. Ef dey’d been hyear
dey’d jes’ er crope up silent lak en cotch dem
ossifers ’fo’ dey’d knowed darse’fs. Jake en Bill
jes’ got some hosses dat we sont arter, whut de
Marser had lef’ cause we’d rid ’em up de walley
a little piece ter de hidin’-place ter sabe ’em fer
him, en sot ’em clatterin’ down de grabble paf
en den we screeched ‘Morgan’s Mens!’ en den
you ought ter seed dem blue-coats run.”
“T am sorry your rest was disturbed,” said
their host.
“It’s the fortunes of war,” replied the Cap-
tain.
Next morning the riders were early in the
saddle and on a sunny September day the
beautiful fields of Virginia spread out be-
fore them, barely touched as yet by the
fires of war. They circled the Federal lines
and on the 12th of September, 1861, they
rode into the Queen City of the Confederacy,
— into the heart of the storm.
They did not separate until they had been
together to the military headquarters and
enlisted in the Army of the Confederacy.
Then Jasper at once started for home, stopping
at Magnolia Lawn as he passed.
It was dusk when he dismounted at the
steps and threw the reins to a young negro.
The front door stood hospitably wide in the
warmth of the early evening.
As he crossed the porch a little figure came
running down the long hall and flung itself
into his outstretched arms.
“Oh, Jasper, you have come! Thank God,
you have come! I was so afraid — they said
that you— but you are here, my love, you
are here.’’
She lay sobbing brokenly in his arms.
“Nothing matters — nothing matters — you
are here!”Sitting by the roadside on a summer day,
Chatting with my messmates, passing time away,
Lying in the shadow underneath the trees,
Goodness, how delicious, eating goober peas.
HE notes of the old song rang out in a
fine baritone and wove their way like
a silver thread in and out among the leafy
branches of a cluster of trees where a group of
soldiers were resting after a toilsome march,
regaling themselves with the delicacy celebrated
in their song, the fruits of a foraging expedi-
tion against a neighboring farm where the
remains of last year’s crop were stored. A
chorus of voices, tenor, bass, and nondescript,
joined Lieutenant-Colonel Jasper Carrington
in the refrain:
Peas! Peas! Peas! Peas! eating goober peas!
Goodness, how delicious, eating goober peas!
They fell to with renewed relish as the echo
of their song rolled from tree to tree and out
over the river. Jasper finished his repast
and lay looking sentimentally through the
foliage of the great oak that spread its branches
over him, singing with plaintive softness,
“Peas! Peas! Peas!” to a gray squirrel peer-
ing at him from the crotch of the tree. It
scampered off to a very high limb, from which
it plucked an acorn and nibbled it, dropping
the cup on the upturned face of the recumbent
man, who retaliated by throwing the empty
~ shell of the goober toward his saucy enemy.
A strain of music floated through the wood-
land and Jasper arose and leaned forward in
attentive attitude.
“Listen! Hear my old Pete’s bugle. Our
General is coming. Pete always bugles ‘See
the conquering hero comes’ when he is in
sight. Lord! What a world of tones Pete
can get out of that old bugle! One might
think it a magic bugle. Its plaintiveness
almost broke one’s heart that day he learned
that our General was wounded at Gaines’s
Mill. Two months later when he came back,
though his wound was so far from healed that
he could not put on his coat, every note of the
bugle was a Resurrection Day note. All the
flowers that have ever made the world glad
blossomed again. You heard all the birds that
had made music in the forest since the first
songster trilled his love-song from a branch in
the primeval wood. You clasped hands with
all the friends whom you had loved in days
gone by, and dwelt with all the radiant things
that had brightened your life. It was melo-
dized sunlight, love transmuted into music,
life triumphant over death.”
The tread of a horse was heard in the dis-
tance, keeping time to the bugle notes, and soon
a powerful war-steed broke through the shrub-
bery. His rider, a slight, graceful man who
sat his horse as if the two were one, was he who
on the twelfth of September nearly two years
before had enlisted in the Army of the Confed-
eracy and on the following day had been com-
missioned Captain. Now he was commander
of a division of Longstreet’s Corps.
His hair, long and curling now, floated in
the wind like a cloud-veil. He was not above
medium height and the lines of grace he uncon-
sciously followed suggested that his victories
in the drawing-room might be no less notable
than those he had won on the battlefield. His
face was of that fairness which defies the
bronzing effect of sun and the darkening shades
of time. An expression of deeper thought was
the only change that had come to it in nearly
two fiery years which had passed since that
wild ride from the North into the raging storm.
Born of a race of warriors, schooled in mil-
itary art, trained in camp and barracks and on
the field, a boy soldier in the land of the Mon-
tezumas, catching the flag from the hand of
his fallen friend, Captain Longstreet, and carry-
ing it to the height of Chapultepec, a deter-
mined man, barring with slender force the gate
of the West to a foreign foe, he looked not
like one to revel in martial deeds, because of
the wide and deep and high humanity dominat-
ing all smaller attributes as the spirit of God
rules supreme over the world.
As he came riding down from the west his
form was outlined darkly against the red wine
of the sunset that splashed in crimson stains
upon an amber-tinted sky.
“The General!” shouted one of the goober
pea devotees on the hillside. The cry swept
from group to group and the air was rent with
cheers. The rider raised his cap and the smile
that lit his face brought the rare blue glints to
his eyes. Thus he rode till he had passed from
view and ringing cheers followed him.
Some distance in advance was a horseman.
The General recognized the tall form, the strong,
erect shoulders, the soldierly bearing and the
superb horsemanship of Lee’s ‘‘Old War-
Horse,” whose corps was said by the Federals
to be the terror of their army. The younger
officer put his horse at speed and was soon
beside the tall, handsome Corps Commander.
“How are you, Pickett?” said the Lieutenant-
General, laying his hand on the shoulder of
his companion.
The two rode on together talking, not as
commanding and subordinate officer, but as
old friends who had met casually on the road
of life.
“You saw her last evening?”’ asked the older
man turning his steel-blue eyes upon his friend,
—eyes that were stern and piercing except
when the sunniness of his mood made them
twinkle with mirth. The sunniness was in
them now. “You gave her my message?”
“She sent her thanks and good wishes in
reply.”
“TI am obliged to her. But how do you
reconcile it with military tactics to follow
Mars and worship at the shrine of Venus both
at once!”
“Tt does not need reconciliation. It is
the smile of the gentle goddess that gives us
strength to follow the frowning god.”
“Suppose Mars should refuse to divide his
kingdom?”
“Ah, but he never does. He continues
to shed his favors upon you and you have
a whole empire of love to claim your devo-
tion.”
“But I do not go galloping through forests
and over rivers and past hostile sentries of
nights just for a look and a word and come
dashing back to the field with the first glint of
morning.”
““A look and a word? But they are worth
the hardest ride that ever soldier took.”
They rode on in silence for awhile. Then
General Longstreet said:
“Tf we go into the North, — but what do
you think of the plan?”
“T think not well of it.”
“Nor I. I cannot take the cheerful outlook
presented by one of our chaplains, that Provi-
dence has at last consented to come down and
take a proper view of the situation.”
“T like not to strike at other men’s homes,”’
said the younger officer. “To defend my
own I think my sword would of itself leap out
of its scabbard.”
His hand went to his side. The Lieutenant-
General was filled anew with wonderment that
so slight a hand could wield so heavy a sword,
but he had seen the flash of that blade in the
front of the battle like lightnings in a storm
and men rushing after its blaze to the gates of
death.
“To choose our ground and let the enemy
attack us is the way to win; as at Fredericks-
burg,” said General Longstreet. ‘“‘There was
a battle! I dream nights of the glory of that
day, and hear General Lee say, ‘It is well that
war is so terrible, else we should become too
fond of it.’”
“Tt must have a horrible fascination if it
could enchain him, when every man who is
killed is a personal loss and sorrow to him.
Dear old ‘Marse Bob’! What a heart he has!”
Thus Lee’s “Old War-Horse” and he who
was called the “Bayard of the Confederacy”
rode down the amber path of sunset.
CATHERINE MARSHALL arose from
the chair in the library where she had
been pretending to herself that she was read-
ing, went to the window, drew back the
heavy curtain and looked out into the night.
From a jagged mass of clouds flamed a blaze
of lightning which revealed her slim height
wrapped in a shroud of fire. A dark form
came from a clump of magnolias into the
white light.
“Uncle Zeke!” she called.
“Yas’m; dis me, — dis yo’ Ung Zeke.”
“Come in out of the storm and tell me,
quick, please, Uncle Zeke, what you have
found out.”
Uncle Zeke stepped through the low win-
dow into the library.
“Y’s_ moughty sorry, lile Missus, ’boutn
what I found out. You know yo’ Ung Zeke
would gib his ve’y eyeballs fo’ you, Honey,
but I reckon dey-all’s got Marse Jasper dis
time fer sho’, widout somebody warns him,
en dar ain’ nobody ter do dat widout we kin
fin’ a li’le bird roun’ ’bout hyer wid moughty
spry wings. In de ole times when troubles
come dar wuz allus birds ter ca’y orange blos-
soms in outn de wet en ter ca’y johnny-cakes
ter de prophets, but ’pear lak dey’s all flewed
now.”
“What do you mean?” cried the girl.
“Please tell me quick what you heard. Oh,
Uncle Zeke, are you sure about your Marse
Jasper?”
““Is I sho’ er jedgment day, Honey? Yas’m,
’co’se I’s sho’, fer I wuz close ’nough ter de
haid debil ter tetch ’im, en yo’ Ung Zeke’s
got moughty good ears. Dey t’inks I’s gwine
ter run off en leabe you-all en go up yander
ter de Norf whar dey-all goes skatin’ Fofe-er-
July en freezes up ebby Christmas en don’
thaw out no mo’ ’twel way de naix summer,
en whar dey say de lan’ is too stiff en hard ter
raise we-alls’ kin’ er perwishuns on, en whar
dey nebber hab hot hoe-cakes en beaten bis-
cuits en t’ings, but jes’ libs on cole bread.”
“But what did they say? Please, — please
tell me!”
“Laws a mussy! Hain’t I a tellin’ you ez
fas’ ez my ole tongue kin ju’k out de wu’ds?
’Pear lak, Miss Kate, you’s in a pow’ful big
hurry fer dis time er night. Does you ’spec’
my ole tongue ter glib out de wu’ds ez supple
ez yourn does? You jes’ wait *twel it’s run ez
long ez minez.”’
Catherine clasped her hands pleadingly.
Uncle Zeke fixed his eyes on a flicker of sheet
lightning over at the edge of the world and
prepared to make the effort of his life.
“Well’m, I got in de room er de Kunnel his-
se’f, "long er my tellin’ ’im dat I knowed all
*bout a plan ter grab ’im en all his sogers ez
dey come ‘long up de road, en how dar wuz a
passel er Confedericks absquaterlatin’ darse’fs
in a clump er underbresh jes’ raidy ter jump
out at ’em unbeknownst. Hya —hya—I
got de Kunnel so tangled up in dat under-
bresh, Honey, dat he went on axin’ queschuns
’twel I mus’ a tole, ’im jes’ how many bushes
dar wuz in it en gin ’im de whar’bouts er ebby
briah en blade er grass in de whole road.”
“What else, Uncle Zeke? For pity’s sake,
please tell me what else!”
“Don’ you tink dat wuz ’nough, Miss Kate?
Leas’ways it tuk ’twel all de ossifers wuz a
comin’ in fer a confabulation *bout yudder
tings en I got up ter go. Dat is, dey all
thunk I got up ter go, but I didn’ hab no such
notionment. I jes’ went to’des de do’ when
de ossifers wuz a comin’ in en slipped suddent
like behime a screen en didn’ nobody eben
s’picion fer a minute dat I wan’t gone. En
dat’s how I yeard all ’boutn de plan ter ketch
Marse Jasper.”
Uncle Zeke took a deliberate view of all
that could be seen through the darkness and
peered out to consider the prospect of clear
weather. Catherine breathed a deep sigh.
““Yas’m; don’t be onpatient, Honey. Fust
off dey talked *bout some mens up dar in
Wash’ton what’s gone on a rampage some-
whar en won’ sen’ ’em de t’ings dey-all needs.
Den dey talked ’bout Marse Abraham Lin-
kum comin’ down ter camp en whut he said.
Mebbe you don’ keer bout whut Marse Lin-
kum said needer, dough, does you?”
“For heaven’s sake, no!” groaned Kate.
“Well, den, pres’mly dey ’gun ter talk bout
Marse Jasper en how dey wuz gwine down to
Brightview ter ketch ’im, en how ’at he couldn’t
git away dis time nohow, lak he did las’ time,
en how ’at dey wuz gwine ter start a passel er
indigo Yanks out atter ’im, en, Honey, I’s
moughty ’fraid dat it’s all up wid Marse Jas-
per dis time, ’kaze dar ain’ nobody ter let ’im
know ’cep’n me an’ I couldn’ git dar in time,
ter sabe me, en you, —but den, ’co’se you
couldn’ go.”
“T can go, Uncle Zeke; but you would get
there after he was in a Northern prison.”
““Mebbe I mought but den I’d show my good
will.”
‘*“None of us doubts that, my dear old black
daddy, but now we want something that will
tell in another way. Lightning is the only
horse on the plantation that can make the dis-
tance to Brightview to-night and you know
I am the only one who can ride him.”
“Yas’m, li’le Missus, you can ride all right,
but you’d be daid ez a do’-nail when you got
dar, so it’s better fer me ter go, Honey, eben
ef I didn’ neber git dar.”
“No, there is but one way, Uncle Zeke, so,
please, sir, go and saddle my dear little horse
while I run and get ready.”
Uncle Zeke went away grumbling.
““Yas, she’s de onlyes’ one dat kin ride Light-
nin’, dat’s so, but whut good’ll dat do when
she’s kilt? Ride Lightnin’! I’d lak ter see
anybody else ridin’ ’im. Didn’ fo’ er dem
Yankee sogers try hit de yudder day en didn’
all fo’ git flung ober his haid ’fo’ dey could
say amens? Yas, she kin ride all right.
*Tain’t de hoss dat I’s skeered er, it’s de ride.
But nemmine; ole Zeke is gwine wid her en
sabe her ef he kin, en ef he cyan’t den he kin
bring her home daid; dat’s all he kin do.”
The pet horse whinnied when he _ heard
Kate’s voice and rubbed his silvery head
against her shoulder.
“IT know it’s hard to be called away from
your dreams, my pretty, but we are going to
save life, — his life, Lightning.”
“Humph! It’s lak as how you gwine ter
lose yourn,” grumbled Uncle Zeke.
Kate mounted and, holding out her hand to
the old man, said:
“Goodbye; thank you, Uncle Zeke. Please,
please don’t let anybody know where I have
gone. You know how anxious Papa is always
and he would be so worried.”
“Yo’ Ung Zeke ain’ neber gwine tell; no,
not ef his ole tongue gits paddleized stiff en
stark. But he’s comin’ ’long wid you, Honey,
en ef he cyan’t keep up wid you he kin come
‘long behimst you en pick you up ef you draps
off. He don’ hab ter stay home ter keep no
secrets.”
Lightning took the low fence at a bound,
Uncle Zeke mounting Old Grey and following
with great effort though with less rapidity.
There was a fork in the road and when
Kate came to it she paused a moment. Both
led to Brightview, the left circuitous and re-
quiring more time, the right shorter and beset
by obstacles. She turned to the right and
had ridden a short distance when she heard
voices and the tramp of horses behind her.
The tramping ceased and she heard the riders
discussing the question of which path to take.
After a short parley they rode to the left.
“Td jes’ lak ter know which road dat chile
done tuk,” said Uncle Zeke riding up to the
fork. ‘One er de roads is de longes’ en she
wuz natchelly in a hurry, but den she knowed
de shortes’ one wuz dang’ous en ’pear lak she
wouldn’ a tuk dat one no matter how big a
scurry she wuz in, en ’sides de snyars en pit-
falls dar’s a sedgebresh fence ter jump en a
branch ter fo’de. No, she mus’ er tuk de
yudder one, en ef she did she’s miles en miles
away by now, but I knows how ter come up
wid her. Dar ain’ nuttin’ ’bout dis yer nak
er woods yo’ Ung Zeke don’ know fum ale ter
izzard. Get up dar, Ole Grey! Pick up yo’
foots en get ret “long ter de cross-road en we'll
come ’pon a paf dat meks a nigh cut ter dis
lef? hand road ’fo’ she gits dar.”
Old Grey obeyed and soon reached the cross-
roads.
“Huh! Listen! Dat ain’ li’le Missus. She
don’ neber talk ter de Debil en needer do she
talk lak dat ter a dumb creeter en needer would
a dumb creeter be talkin’ back ter her. Den
agin, she ain’ got no sich survigous voice
soundin’ lak Br’er B’ar wid a bad cold. No,
dey’s mens a talkin’ en Yankee mens at dat,
fer I yeared one er ’em say dey guess’ dat’s
de ret road. Well, J’l/ he’p ’em find de way.
I ’members when de onsartin man went down
fum Jewslum ter Jerrycho en fell ’mongst de
thorns en dey sprung up en scratched him en a
good Saracem come ’long en showed ’im de way.
Ole Zeke gwine be a good Saracem now en gwine
show dese Yanks de way ter Jerrycho, too.”
Impelled by this philanthropic purpose Uncle
Zeke rode forward to the leader of the party.
“Sarvent, Marser. ’Pear lak you-alls is
strangers in dese parts. Is dar anyt’ing de
ole man kin do fer you?”
“You can tell us the way to Brightview if
you will.”
“T sho’ly kin do dat, Marser, fer I knows
ebby blade er grass in dese parts, speshly
Brightview, en de shortes’ way, Marser.”
“Yes, the shortest way; be quick.”
“Yas, sah, Marser, but de shortes’ way
sometimes is de longes’. Well, you see dat
paf dat runs ’long ’roun’ by de poplar tree wid
de big white streak runnin’ up en down whar
de lightnin’ struck en killed daid dat same
night dat ole Missus died wid ammonia in her
breas’ jamby twenty years ago come naix’
fodder-pullin’ time, en de ole Marser he —”
“Never mind about your old Master.”
“Well, suh, de paf goes ’way ’roun’ on tur-
rer side er de tree “long pas’ a hill whar dar’s
a ha’nted house standin’ whar ole Marse Jerry
Jones libed en whar he kilt a man en dey say
dat de ha’nt comes back uver night en —”’
“Oh, shoot the ha’nt!”’
“Yas, suh; lots er folks is tried ter shoot it
but ’pear lak dey cyan’t neber hit it. De
bullets dey jes’ flies ret th’oo de ha’nt’s close
en comes out on turrer side er him en
de ha’nt he jes’ goes ret on lak nuttin’ had
happened.”
“Well, cut it, then, and come to the point
and tell us about the road.”
“Well, suh, den you goes on twel you comes
ter a riber en den you fodes th’oo de riber
kaze dar ain’ no bridge dar.”
“How soon will that bring us to Bright-
view?” ,
“Well, I should say ef you goes dat ’way
*twould bring you dar in bout a hun’ed yeahs;
dat is, ef ’twan’t fer de water. Considerin’
de water I don’ know how long ’twould tek.
You mought hab ter go ’roun’ de yeth en come
up turrer way.”
“Confound you! What do you mean by
telling us all this rigmarole?”
“T wuz tellin’ you dat way, Marser, kaze I
wuz skeered you mought go dat way en git
los’. Dat’s de way fer you not ter go.”
“Perhaps you could tell us the way we can
go, and for heaven’s sake, don’t take us around
by Jupiter if you can help it, for we are in a
hurry.”
“Yas, suh, I’s in a hurry, too, en I don’
know whar dat gemman, Marse Jup’ter, libs.
He ain’ no ’quaintance er we-alls, so I couldn’
ca’y you ‘long by his house ef I tried. Any-
how, ef you’ll tek de road ter de ret en keep on
twel you come ter a road dat branches off fum
dat road ter de lef’ en ter de ret en you tek de
lef’ hand road you'll git dar, sho’.”’
“T wonder if you are telling us the truth,
old man.”
“You kin b’liebe me er not, Marser, jes’ ez
you choosen, but my w’ite folks brung me up
ter t’ink dat a lie is a abomination ter de Lawd
(en a ve’y present he’p in time er trouble), en
I natchelly ’spises a sto’y-teller.”
“You look trustworthy, so I won’t doubt
you. Here’s a shinplaster for you. I sup-
pose, though, you would rather have Confed-
erate money.”
“No, suh; money’s money ter ole Zeke en
he suttinly is much ’bleeged ter you. Ef you
eber wan’s de ole man you knows whar ter fin’
"im. Far’well ter you, Marser. I’s gwine
th’oo de woods turrer way.”
Uncle Zeke watched the soldiers file off in
the direction he had pointed out to them.
“Huh! Lak ter see ’em git ter Brightview
dat way. De Lawd knows whar dey’ll come
out at. Li’le Missus t’ink ole Zeke ain’ no use
on dis yer ride! Tell you whut, de snail he
don’ trabel much on a prize race, but some-
how he’s moughty sho’ ter git dar, en de lark a
fleein’ en a floppin’ on de wings er de mornin’s
lakly ter git shoot by de hunter, en de ole hyar
mought bruk his laig er git cotch by de houn’s.
But de sly ole tar’pin en snail, — don’ nobody
spec’ dem en dey gits dar.”
Uncle Zeke ambled on his way, satisfied that
one young Confederate officer owed his life
to him.
ATE was riding along the forest path
when a dark form emerged from a clump
of trees and two long arms were brandished
aloft. Lightning swerved aside and his quick
movement nearly unseated his rider.
“Don’t be afraid, child. It is only your
friend, the old Hermit, who comes to serve you.
Your mission is needless, Pearl of the Mist.
You are riding through the forest at this strange
hour to save Jasper Carrington from the
Yankees. His danger lies not there, but here,
nearer home. He has an enemy because of
you. Tell him to ride with all speed and to
watch the shadows that follow him through
the woods to-night.”
“Thank you, and God bless you. I will
give him your message.”
She smiled at the faith which lingered with
her from the days of her childhood when the
old Hermit had been half terror and half guide
- for her, and the smile had not vanished when,
glancing back, she saw the faintly defined form
of a horseman following her. Leaning forward
she whispered to Lightning and, dashing across
the glade, entered the driveway of Bright-
view.
“Ts that you, Uncle Jerry?” she asked, as
an old man sleepily answered her summons.
“Who dat Ung Jerryin’ me dis time 0’
night?”
“It’s your Miss Kate, Uncle Jerry. Don’t
you know me?”
“Yas’m; ’co’se I knows you now; dat is,
ef I knows it’s you, but de night time en de
sleepy-haidedness meks my knowin’ mighty
unsartin. So dat’s hoccome I ax you who is
you? En now I ax you how is you?”
“T am very well, thank you, Uncle Jerry,
and I hope that you are well.”
““No’m; de ole man ain’ so well; he’s got a
mighty misery in de back. But ainchu skeered,
Miss Kate, some er dese Yankees gwine ’scrip’
dis yer li’le filly er yone? You know, dey’s
done ’scrip’ ebby hoss dat’s any ’count in de
whole neighborhood.”
“No, Uncle Jerry; I have a permit from
Colonel Dodge to keep him.”
The low-branching trees bordering the path
touched Kate and dripped moon-kissed drops
of rain upon her as she passed. Jasper Car-
rington opened the door to her light knock,
exclaiming in surprise:
“Why, Miss Kate! How on earth did you
get here, at this hour, too?”’
Then a pretty girl ran out and kissed her
and a sweet-faced matron came forward and
took her into her arms, saying:
“We were just speaking of you, dear Kate.”
*‘Her hands are cold. Mother, please give
her some of this old Madeira that you have
hidden away through all these years, and just
brought up tonight in honor of your scape-
grace son.”
Kate drank the wine, declaring that she was
neither cold nor tired and did not need any-
thing, though her pale cheeks belied her words.
“You know I was going to see you to-
morrow.”
“Yes, I knew you were, and I came here
to tell you not to come, for there is a detach-
ment of Yankees after you. Uncle Zeke heard
them planning it; and you must not stay here,
either, a minute longer than you can help.
They said you waylaid their messenger and
took the dispatches, and that they regarded
you as a dangerous character. You see, dear,
your suddenness surprises them and_ they
would be more comfortable if you went North
for a time.”
“There is something else, too,” said Kate,
as Jasper, having yielded to the wishes of all,
was going. ‘‘Be cautious as you ride through
the woods to-night, and be careful wherever
you are, for there is a shadow on your path-
way that threatens a greater evil to you than
the Yankees.”
“How do you know this, my little prophet?”
“The Hermit told me, and then — then —
I saw the shadow myself following along my
pathway; so, please, please, be careful.”
“T am not afraid, but for your sake, dear-
est, I will try.”
He looked back at her as he rode away
into the starry silence of the night, and said
laughingly:
“IT declare, I am falling into a belief in her-
mits and shadows, and had she warned me
that a sheeted specter was on my track I
should have looked for it with perfect confi-
dence.”
The witchery of the night-shrouded forest
enwrapped him and he fell a-dreaming. The
woodsy odors clung around him with myriad
hands of enchantment. A bird awakened and
trilled out a greeting to the night. He passed
a narrow path that made a detour into the
woods and came back to the main road a short
distance ahead. A man who was following
him came to this point and plunged into the
side path. At the cross-road he awaited the
approach of Carrington, who was awakened
from his reverie by the whiz of a ball over his
head.
“When you have succeeded in emptying
your pistol at me you will please be so good as
to explain who you are and why you are mak-
ing so unskilful an effort to murder a man in
the dark. Take all the time you want and
don’t be frightened. I have no pistol, and
would not stain my sword with the blood of a
coward.”
The dark horseman had come near and the
misty light drifting across the pathway fell
on his face.
“Do you suppose that if I had taken seri-
ous aim I could not have put a bullet through
your head as easily as over your hat? I merely
wished to arrest your attention.”
“Oh, I see you now. No need to tell me who
you are. Every man in the South knows
Campo, who saved his life by betraying his
countrymen. I dare say you can shoot. It
is a ruffanly sport enough. The worst I
have ever heard about your shooting is that
it is in the wrong direction.”
Campo threw his pistol to the ground.
““T have a sword. You have called me cow-
ard and traitor. That means that one of us
must die. You cannot refuse me the satis-
faction of learning which one it is to be.”
“The truth does not demand satisfaction;
it is its own justification.”
“At least, you must defend yourselie cried
Campo drawing his sword and riding fiercely
upon Jasper.
Campo was reckless and made wild lunges
that fell wide of their mark. Jasper struck the
sword from his grasp and the horse, fright-
ened, promptly threw Campo and dashed off
across the moonlit sward.
The dawn was staining the east with a pink
light shot with golden arrows when Carring-
ton rode by the pickets guarding the camp.
He dismounted in front of his tent as the
drums sounded the reveille:
I can’t get ’em up, I can’t get ’em up,
I can’t get °em up in the morning;
I can’t get ’em up, I can’t get ’em up,
I can’t get ’em up at all.
~ From his own tent came a repetition of the
call, clear, full, repeated in bugle tones and
ending in a prolonged note which appealed
to him with a force he had never understood.
Then the curtain of the tent was lifted and
Old Pete greeted him with a cry of joy.
“YT knowed dat wuz you, Marse Jasper.
Ole Pete’s call meks ’im see t’ings ’fo’ he sees
’em. En I took up my bugle en bugled fer
you. Ya-a-s, Marse Jasper, ef I knowed you
wuz daid er wounded, air’ one, ole Pete would
bugle fer you en listen fer de answer, den
bugle ag’in en listen, kaze ef de bref is lef’ yo’
body en dumbed yo’ tongue yo’ sperit wouldn’
git dumbed; dat would answer ole Pete.”
“YT think I should know your bugle call,
Pete, too, dead or alive. But here is some-
thing from my mother; here is a package also
from some one else. ‘Give it to Uncle Pete,’
she said, ‘and tell him not to forget my mes-
sage.”
“’Tain’t no use callin’ no names, Marse
Jasper, en ole Pete ain’ neber gwine ter fergit
de message dat she g’in ’im ter put in bugle
langwidge fer her, —en dat las’ bugle soun’
wuz de message, Marse Jasper.”
Throwing his bridle to Pete he entered the
central tent. Darkness yet lingered inside
and on a small table was a tallow candle which
had burned nearly down to the wooden block
that served as a candlestick. Its wavering
light glimmered over a map spread upon the
table, above which two men were bending in
puzzled study, a Major-General seated on a
camp-chair and a Brigadier looking over his
shoulder. .
The Brigadier was tall and rugged, with
dark face deeply marked, as if each experi-
ence of life had engraved its line in the his-
tory written on his countenance. There was
nothing of the reckless dash of the enthusias-
tic warrior in his aspect, yet one looking at him
felt that when the time should come he would
lead a forlorn hope to the mouth of the guns
and fall before them. It must have been in a
spasmodic ebullition of youthful spirits that
he had made an onslaught upon his comrade,
Jubal A. Early, at West Point and had been
expelled from that venerable institution for
such premature display of valor.
The man sitting at the table leaned back
and looked up at his companion.
“Do you know, Armistead,” he said, “I
am learning the true value of a war map.”
“Delighted to know that it has a value,
Pickett. I have always thought that the one
exception to the theory set forth by the poet,
‘Nothing walks with aimless feet,’ was the
man who attempted to follow a war map.”
“Just so. The real value of a war map is
in pointing out with definiteness one of the
many imaginable conformations of the coun-
try and setting it beyond the limits of the
possible, leaving us free range to choose among
the rest. I used to fancy that if an Earth-
Man should be turned loose on Jupiter instinct
would lead him somewhere. Since this war
began I have learned more about the limita-
tions of the race. Once on the Chickahominy
I sent for immediate re-enforcements. A de-
tachment of picked men started out under
the leadership of one of the most accomplished
officers in the service. They marched all
night and in the morning found themselves in
sight of the camp from which they had started.”
“What had become of you, Pickett, in the
meantime?”
“TY had caught another detachment, which
had been ordered northward and had trav-
eled due south till it accidentally fell in with
me. Yet our men have hunted over this
region since the days of their infancy. Ah,
here is Colonel Carrington.”
Jasper saluted and handed a paper to the
General.
“Thank you, Colonel. You carried my
message promptly and have returned earlier
than I expected.”
““My return was hastened, General, by the
necessity of declining a pressing invitation
from our Northern friends to remain with
them for a time.”
“Northern hospitality is occasionally em-
barrassing to the busy Southerner in haste
to get on with his work. I commend your
strength of mind in resisting their fascina-
tions, Colonel.”
Jasper saluted and withdrew, returning to
his tent, where Pete had prepared a break-
fast that did honor to his title of Commissary-
General.
HEN Kate returned home the next
morning she found her father in his
office, leaning back in his big armchair smok-
ing a fig-stemmed corn-cob pipe. A young
man whose face she could not see was talking
to him. Black Pomp was sitting on the floor
making other pipes of corn-cobs and fitting
them to long, fragrant fig-stems.
“Hallo, hallo! here comes my Katydid.
Where have you been, you little runaway?
Nobody on the plantation could tell me where
you were. Come, Lady-bird; account for your
early morning ride. But first, here is a sur-
prise for you.”
“How do you do, Cousin Kate?” said the
“surprise.” “I am so glad to see you. But
you did not expect me, did you?”
“Garnett! How lovely, lovely to see you
again! How and when did you come?”
“We are not so very far away and I asked
permission to run over. I was so hungry for
a sight of home folks.”
““How does it go, Garnett, dear? Is it very
terrible?”
“Yes. God only knows how terrible. But
I could not bear not to be among the others.
There has never been a war in our country
without a Phillips in it fighting for his flag.”
“The fight was never for a flag, but for an
idea,” said Colonel Marshall. ‘The old idea
still lives, sheltered under our new flag. A
sectional party elected a sectional President,
who declared war without the authority of
Congress and invaded the sovereign States,
whose only offense was that they asserted
their right and power to fight for their own
Union under the Constitution which their
forefathers had made.”’
“Tf you and my cousin will excuse me I’ll go
and change my habit while you discuss flags,
but remember there is but one flag for me, the
Stars and Bars, and but one idea, freedom.”
Catherine waved her hand to them and
passed out into the hall and up the stairway,
the gaze of the young man following her till
she disappeared.
“God bless the women!” chuckled the old
Colonel. ‘‘They will save the South in spite
of the devil. If you only had a sweetheart
now, Garnett,—a true and patriotic Southern
girl like your cousin.”
Garnett looked over the head of Pomp and
across a sun-bathed slope hedged by a dark
belt of woods. He did not see the trees nor
the slope nor the sun. He saw only a radi-
ant face with a dazzle of deep eyes, — the
same eyes that had smiled back at him as
Catherine went up the stairway.
“Here is a rosebud for each of you,” said
Kate, returning with a Jacqueminot pinned
at the throat of her white dress and two buds
in her hand. ‘‘Guess what is in store for you,
Cousin; I am going to take you to Nannie
Wickham’s ball to-night.”
“Could you get an invitation for me at
this late hour?”
“Invitation? They would tear my _ hair
out if I did not bring you. How delightful
to dance with the dear soldiers who come in
their uniforms and look, — oh, so handsome!
Just as you do,” curtseying elaborately. “The
uniforms may be somewhat dingy from hard
wear, to be sure, but nothing can keep a Con-
federate soldier from being beautiful, and —
well, there never were such dancers anywhere
else in the whole world.”
“T didn’t know any but our crowd were
within a day’s march.”
“Yes; one of the regiments is camped down
in the glen for the night on the way to join
Pickett’s Division. The ball is given for them.
All we are afraid of is that the Yankees
will find it out, but I don’t think they will.
They’ve sent too many men north to take
any risks. Usually we have dry bread balls,
but Ung Lige found a bee-tree today and
brought home a great pan of honey and we
are to have a honey-pulling to-night.”
“How delightful! And you are to wear
a white dress and a red rose?”’
“Of course; they are my colors.”
“They are my colors, too.”
That evening he was at the foot of the stairs
when Kate came down looking like a white
cloud floating against a dun-gray curtain of
space. At the belt of her soft white dress
was massed a cluster of Giant of Battle roses.
“What wondrous draperies you war-time
maidens wear.”
“This robe belonged to one of my grand-
mothers away back in the centuries. She
wore it at a ball in the court of Louis the Superb
and danced with Prince Condé. But the roses
bloomed today and belong to the sunshine.”
“The roses blossomed in the sunshine of your
presence and belong to you. As for the robe,
I venture the Court Lady did not look half so
pretty in it as her descendant does.”
“Condé could tell you better than that,
flatterer, but just you wait till you see Nannie
Wickham. She has a really and truly new
dress, smuggled through the lines. It is a
dream and so is she, and you shall fall in love
with her.”
“That is impossible; I have fallen in love.”
Oh, but old love affairs do not count.”
The carriage rolled through the Southern
dusk along a dreamful lane, and Kate chatted
gaily with the recklessness of youth that
dances lightly on whether cannons boom or
doves of peace coo softly. Soon they were
at Nannie’s gate and in a moment were whirled
away in the light and glow and laughter and
music.
“Tt seems to me that we are dancing on the
rim of a volcano,” said Garnett as he walked
with Nannie Wickham between dances.
“Yes; some people have been calling us
frivolous and saying growly things about our
dancing lately, because of the increasing anxi-
ety since General Pemberton has been repulsed
at Jackson and Vicksburg is in danger. But
General Joe Johnston is there and everything
must come out right where he is. My old
mammy shakes her head when she dresses me
and says she’s ‘had signs an’ we-all better be
havin’ pra’r-meetin’s, steader dancin’.’”’
Nannie stopped suddenly.
“What was that? Listen! Didn’t you hear
something?”
“Yes; it sounded like the tramp of horses
and the clank of steel.”
Hurrying back to the ball-room they ran
upon Pomp, whose eyes revolved in an ecstasy
of terror as he warningly cried out:
“Hi-sh. You-all —sh —sh — sh — I tole
you so. Dey’s comin’ — dey’s comin’ — yas
dey’s jamby ’pon top er we-alls dis minute,
wile we-all’s dancin’ en frolickin’ —I done
tole you so! I tole you so!”
“Told us what? Who’s coming?’ sternly
asked Colonel Wilmer. “Stop your stammer-
ing and speak out!”
“De Yanks, Marse Kunnel. Dey’s outside
dis minute. You-all better run er hide er do
sumpn ’fo’ you gits hurt.”
“Lieutenant Hetherington, signal to camp
for the boys at once. Ladies to the upper
rooms! Lights out!”
Awed by the Colonel’s commanding tone,
the girls fled upstairs. Pomp crawled under
the table. Over the dancing hall darkness fell
and ‘“‘Fiddling Czsar”’ stood with uplifted
bow as if petrified in “Swing your pardners,
hands all round!”
“Look! There is a flag of truce,”’ said Nan-
nie. “They are coming to summon us to
surrender.”
“We will die first!” asserted Catherine
valiantly.
“That’s easy enough to talk about,” replied
Nannie dolorously.
“Colonel Dasham calls upon the Confeder-
ate officers within to surrender and thereby
save the house from destruction!” called out
the bearer of the flag of truce.
““My compliments to Colonel Dasham and
tell him that we are much obliged but that we
can protect the house without his assistance.”
The truce withdrew and soon a hailstorm
of shot was heard. Answering shots were
fired from the windows and one of the assail-
ants fell and was carried away.
“Poor fellow!” said Kate, always ready to
sympathize with misfortune. ‘I hope he is
not hurt much. We have the advantage, you
see. We are in the dark and they in full
moonlight.”
“Oh, me! they are separating and some are
going to the back door,’”’ whispered Nannie,
“‘and, listen; the rest of the boys are coming.”
The men from camp came swinging around
the curve and the girls waved their hand-
kerchiefs from the window.
A shower of rifle-balls greeted the attack-
ing party and the detachment at the rear
door joined their comrades in front. After
a skirmish they retreated to the woods, pur-
sued by the Lieutenant and his men from
the camp and followed by the cheers of the
Colonel’s forces, in which the girls joined
heartily.
“Hurrah, girls!’ cried Kate. “We have
won a battle.”
“Were you frightened?” asked Colonel Wil-
mer, coming up the stairway, followed by
Garnett.
“Frightened?” replied Kate. “It was glori-
ous! But that poor fellow who was shot —
where is he?”’
“T don’t think there was much blood shed,
—at any rate, no wounded left on the field.”
Upon their return to Magnolia Lawn Kate
and Garnett stopped for a moment upon the
veranda and looked out into the moonlight
where the pines were black against the silvery
wall.
“Why do beautiful things seem sad?” asked
Kate as a south wind swept up from the river
and, lifting a branch of the rose-vine, brushed it
across her cheek.
“T suppose it is because we cannot take all
their beauty into eyes and heart at once.
There is a reason, though, why all this” —
stretching his arms out toward river and
wide white space — “‘is especially sad to me
to-night, because I must say goodbye — per-
haps for an even longer separation than
before.”
“Oh, I hope not, — surely not.”
“T go to-night to join Armistead’s Brigade.”
“Oh, I am so sorry! No, I don’t mean
that I am sorry, either —I’m glad. It is just
what I would have you do. And then — you
will see — Jasper.”
“Jasper — Jasper?”
She looked up shyly.
“Yes; didn’t you know?”
He was silent for an instant, gazing out into
the blackness of the pines. Then he said gently:
“T—TI congratulate you, Cousin mine.”
“T knew you would. Now I want you to do
something for me.”
“Anything, to the extent of my power, Kate.”
“Jasper is so brave, so daring, so almost
reckless, — I want you to make friends with
him and guard him from the dangers that he
will not see — take care of him for me.”
Her uplifted face glowed with love and en-
treaty, but in his eyes was the light of self-
abnegation. He took her hand and lifted it
to his lips.
“Tf my life can purchase his it will be freely
given, for your sake.”
“Thank you. Both lives will come back
to make me happy.”
“Tf God wills,” he said solemnly.
She watched him ride down the lane, look-
ing after him until he was hidden in the forest,
the winding empty road lying black across the
moonlight.
As Kate finished the letter, she looked up
wistfully at her father and said:
“Oh, father, if I had only been a boy!”
“Thank the Lord that you are not a boy,
my daughter.”
“Do you love me better as I am, Papa,
dear?”
“If you were my son instead of my daugh-
ter, even loved as you are now, I should give
you up though it were to death.”
THE Army of Northern Virginia was on the
road to Chambersburg. The march was
necessarily slow, for not even the Commander-
in-Chief had any information regarding the
Federal movements.
Colonel Carrington had sent for Garnett
and they were side by side.
“There is something I intended to tell you,”
Garnett said, “‘about that Campo fellow, who
manages to keep himself tangled up with us
in the most incomprehensible way. I did not
tell you of the first time. It was when I had
been mistaken for you and put into a prison-
house to wait for him to pass upon my identity.
The next time was that day in the skir-
mish as we crossed the line; he tried to stick
a sword into you. I thank God I was a shade
too quick for him and he disappeared just as
you downed that Yankee Captain.”
“He is the meanest kind of a scoundrel
and coward,” said Jasper. “Thanks to your
friendly offices, he gives you more trouble
than he does me, for which I am sorry. But
I am very grateful to you for staying his
murderous hand.”
They passed by fields in which the ripening
grain promised a veritable harvest of gold.
Garnett thought of the desolate waste through
which he had marched in Virginia. The fields
were there, ready to yield their treasures to
the skilful touch. But the tillers were gone
and there was no hand stretched out to help
those barren acres to blossom forth and fulfil
their hospitable mission.
The orchards, in which the burdened branches
almost touched the ground with the weight of
their fruitage, reminded Garnett of an orchard
where in boyhood he gathered apples, red and
golden. On the road to Maryland he had
seen it again. It was an old battlefield now
and the fire-scarred trees stretched their ghostly
gray arms to the sky as if asking the vengeance
of heaven on the wickedness of man.
In this fair and prosperous land homelike
dwellings nestled away in the greenery of
beautiful trees and looked bewitchingly out
from their leafy bowers. In Virginia the
Army had passed by piles of ashes where in
the olden days stately homes had given Gar-
nett loving welcome, by lonely deserted houses
that had once been sunny and bright. As
they were passing one of these mansions an
old negro hobbled out to greet Garnett.
“Wait, Marse Garnett, drap out ef you kin.
I’ve been waitin’ fer you. I knowed some
er de ole time folks what used ter visit we-all
’ud be comin’ th’oo somewhar wid de army
en I’s been watchin’ en watchin’ wheneber
dey’d be a marchin’ by. I’s de onlyes’ one
lef’ on de ole place now en I ain’ got nuttin’
*tall ter fetch you sepn some roas’ ’taters en
a piece er ole hyar I cotch in de woods yistidy
en cooked.”
The tears sprang to Garnett’s eyes. Only
an old servant with his love-gift left to greet
him.
Now along the road bordered with plenty
they came to Chambersburg, where there was
none to give them welcome or even a passing
word. They marched quietly through the
town, their band silent, for the order was that
no music should be played lest it might offend
the citizens. Through an almost deserted
street between rows of closed houses they went
till they were near the limits of the town.
Here several girls who had been drawn by
curiosity to the veranda of a cottage asked for
some music and were greeted with “The girl
I left behind me,” ‘‘Home, sweet Home,” and
“Auld lang syne.”’ But these non-committal
strains were not their idea of Southern music,
and they called for ‘Dixie.’ They were
answered by the gentle notes of “Her bright
smile haunts me still,” and the Division
marched on to camp.
The men carried away pleasant memories
of the little town among the hills, for the
dwellers therein did not long resist the cour-
tesy and kindness of the Confederate leader
and when marching orders came many a word
of good-will followed the Southern soldiers to
Gettysburg.
Hands of the dead, far-away hands of the
living, dream hands that dwelt but in imagi-
nation, all seemed stretched forth to Garnett
and Jasper as the old Division marched through
the woods in which they had halted to await
the morning summons to the field. Faces
looked out at them from behind the trees, —
faces shrined in their hearts by memory, faces
hovering mistily on the far horizon of their
fancy. Was there ever so ghostly a wood as
this that lay between their night’s bivouac
and the fighting line at Gettysburg? Only
the rustling of feet upon the grass broke the
stillness. Yet was the silence full of sound
— whispers of voices and the echoes of yester-
day’s guns thrilling on the air.
When they passed through the line of woods
fringing Seminary Ridge, morning yet waited
behind the hills. The men lay in the long
grass and the trees kept guard around them.
The weary soldiers held the attitudes into
which they had thrown themselves as if they
might have been stone figures cast aside by
an impatient sculptor. Some fell asleep.
Others waited grimly for the dawn, — the
strangest dawn that ever gloomed into their
lives.
Garnett, resting on his elbow, looked toward
the east where a ridge slightly overtopped the
ground on which he lay. What was between
his fancy could not show. How the day had
gone he did not know. No tidings had come
from the battle except the dull echoes of the
guns that had shivered the air on the road
from Chambersburg.
The crash of Gary’s pistol broke the still-
ness and sent echoes reverberating among the
hills. Day was ushered in with the ominous
greeting which befitted its awful destiny.
Some of the men, aroused from their half
slumbers, looked in the direction from which
the sound came. A quiver as of a suddenly
awakened force ready for combat thrilled
through Garnett’s veins. The man who had
been at Antietam lay quiet. He was still
asleep.
A deeper silence fell over the ridge, —a
stillness that stretched out in awesome gloom
to the sky and reached down to earth.
After what seemed to Garnett a soundless
eternity the silence was broken by the tread
of horses coming down the line. In the shim-
mer of dawn he could see the faces of the
riders and the color of their horses as they rode
along.
Every man in the Army knew the powerful
gray that carried the Commander. He and
his rider were one, so closely were they iden-
tified with all the exploits of the Army of the
South. Garnett never saw that stately figure
mounted on “Traveler” without a glow of
pride.
Beside him was a taller, heavier man, he who
bore worthily the title of “Old War Horse,”
affectionately bestowed upon him by the
Commanding General. j
Garnett’s glance swept over these two fig-
ures and centered on the third of the group,
wondering, as he had many times, wherein
lay the power of that man. Smaller than the
two with whom he rode, slight, delicately
formed, he was in strong contrast to his com-
panions. He sat his horse with the grace of
one who rides to win a guerdon from the hand
of beauty rather than to meet the foe in deadly
conflict. His face was almost womanly fair
and his soft dark hair swept backward in the
morning wind like the hair Garnett remembered
in a picture at Magnolia Lawn of a minstrel
who sang of the past in the ancient halls of
his ancestors. Were ever grace and delicacy
so opposed to the rude idea of war as in his
person and life history? Yet men went down
into the infernal pit of battle and were drowned
in seas of fire for love of him and the glory of
following where he led.
Having been strictly enjoined to silence,
the men dared not cheer. They arose and
stood reverently with bared heads as the horse-
men rode down the line in silent review, — the
last death review, — and every eye of the long
line was on the slender man who rode the black
charger and held his cap lifted above his head.
Thus they watched their leader till the shadows
hid him from view.
In the grass in front of the forest line they
lay through hours of beating sun. There were
no sleepers now. Each man was awake to
the heat that poured upon him as from a burn-
ing cauldron. Occasionally one moved rest-
lessly. Now and then there was a whisper to
a comrade.
“The Baby,” the youngest soldier in the
regiment, crept close to Garnett and held his
hand. His yellow curls were matted damply
over his head. In his eyes were depths of
unspoken sadness.
“T want you to do something for me, for,
somehow, I feel that I shall not live out this
day”
“Nonsense, boy, nonsense. You will live
to be gray-bearded, and some day you will
hold your grandchildren on your knee and tell
them of how we won a glorious victory and
saved our Southland.”
The boy shook his head sadly.
“Men in our way of life sometimes know;
there is something in their hearts that tells
them.”
_“Brace up, my boy; brace up. We all
have a feeling of that kind in the presence of
a great danger. We come up out of the con-
flict with hearts stronger because of the trial
and lives better for the victory.”
“T don’t know what it is, but I feel that my
heart will be stilled in this battle, and when
you march back to the Capital of our new
Nation won’t you find my mother and tell
her about me and give her this letter? Oh,
tell her how dearly I love her and that the
proudest thing in her boy’s life is in trying to
be worthy of her and in giving the life she gave
him to his country.”
“Tl take the letter, of course, boy, but sup-
pose I should still keep you company at the
end of the day?”
There was a long silence and then the man
who had been at Antietam turned over and
growled:
“By George, fellows, I say, this makes me
think of what Tom August said to Squire
Minturn.”
““What’s that?” asked the man next him.
“You know the Squire puts on as many airs
as if he’d swallowed a hurricane and it was
breaking out on him. He met Tom and said
in his swell way, ‘Well, sir, I suppose your
voice is still for war!’ And Tom said, ‘Yes,
Squire, devilish still.’”
The fittest place where man can die
Is where he dies for man.
A CANNON-SHOT shivered the awful
silence. While it echoed from the hills
another shot thundered out and a cloud of
smoke hung over the plain. Then came a
crash of artillery and between the two ridges
was a blazing sea over which a heavy curtain
of smoke waved and tossed tumultuously like a
wrack of storm-clouds in a raging wind. The
hills trembled with the roar of battle. It
was as if warring worlds had rushed together
in one stupendous conflict. Through a roll-
ing ocean of smoke and dust flaming arrows
darted across the field.
“Them pesky things allus ’pears to be aimin’
straight at a feller’s eyes,” grumbled one of
Armistead’s men, blinking as a burning shell
swept past him.
cae PE Ee? Baa TA BS St VANE
A man who was lying near leaped suddenly
forward and fell, his blood spattering on Gar-
nett’s sleeve. The shriek of a shell hurtled
by and a little distance from him he saw the
earth torn up and heard the dying groans of
comrades. Even in the mighty uproar, look-
ing upon the fire and smoke of the most terrific
cannonading the world ever knew, Garnett
pitied those who had fallen at the threshold
of the battle, — who could never go down into
that sea of surging flame and wind-tossed smoke
and charge the fire-crested heights.
On a hill overlooking the valley was the
stately form of the Commander on his power-
ful gray horse. He turned to Pickett, mounted
by his side, and pointed to a clump of trees
flanked by a glittering array of artillery and
infantry on the ridge opposite.
“General, can you take that height?”
“TI can, sir, if it can be taken.”
While the roar of the cannon filled the val-
ley and fiery fuses were still darting through
the blackness, General Pickett came down
the line. The men sprang to their feet and
saluted as he, pointing to the flame-crowned
hill, explained what they were to do. Cheer
after cheer followed him.
Jasper’s head was uncovered and a light
wind blew his hair back as Garnett looked at
him leading his regiment, and across the dis-
tance heard a sweet voice say:
“Take care of him for me, — take care of
him in camp and on field!”
“‘T promise!” he had said with all the solem-
nity with which he would have made a vow to
his Creator.
His pledge to the woman he loved came
back to him with the touch of the south wind
and he renewed the promise in his heart to
guard with his own life the man who was dear
to her. What, after all, was his life in com-
parison with the happiness of her loving heart?
A stray shell from the opposite ridge struck
down a soldier at Garnett’s side. “The Baby”
moved quietly in and the line was unbroken.
The boy looked up and smiled as a child might
have looked at his protector. Garnett took
his hand and pressed it affectionately. It
seemed a mournful prophecy that death should
have placed them side by side as they were
about to march down the fatal slope.
The soldier in front of him turned to a com-
rade and said:
“We are to charge that height?”
Les.
Fixing his gaze southward he said, “Then
this will be a sad day for Virginia,” and stretch-
ing out his arms he called out solemnly, — “
Goodbye, Virginia!’’ He thought of the little
cottage nestling away in the Blue Ridge in that
beloved old State which bounded the dreams of
his youth and the memories of his manhood.
“Goodbye!” surged through the heart of
Garnett, and a radiance of dark eyes and a
swaying of a slim young form draped in white,
with a crimson Jacqueminot at the throat,
was the vision that passed before his eyes as
he shut them to the smoke-wreathed valley
and the fiery height.
The gaze of Jasper was directed straight
forward to the forest of guns on the hill in
front. Garnett could see only the set pose
of the head with its stern unwavering lines.
Maybe that was why all things came to Jas-
per. Was the same farewell echoing sorrow-
fully in his heart? Or was he intent only upon
scaling that deadly wall beyond?
Garnett watched the graceful form on the
black charger as their leader took his place
at their head, his long dark hair floating back
in the wind.
“Forward!”
Pickett’s men started on their death-march.
They moved out from the forest calmly and
steadily as if drawn up for a grand review.
Two great armies watched them in admiring
awe. Over on Seminary Hill the man on the
gray horse looked on at the costly sacrifice
the South was making for its cause. On Cem-
etery Height the men in blue were silent,
watching the majestic scene.
The rhythmic motion of the thousands of
tramping feet had so taken possession of
Garnett’s imagination that he seemed to have
been for ages walking in that solemn proces-
sion. The resounding tramp, tramp, tramp
filled all the world.
Garnett’s gaze was fixed on the Commander
far away in front, leading his men into the
flames of battle with an air of chivalrous light-
ness and grace such as he might have worn had
he led them in picturesque procession to enliven
a festalday. He marveled over the daring that
could enable a man to maintain a poise like
that at the open door of death. He thought of
what he had heard a commanding officer say:
“Give George Pickett an order and he will
storm the gates of hell.”
LPR BAL EE be S34 VAN
By the silent batteries the “Old War Horse”
stood with General Alexander, of the Artillery,
looking with grave face at the long lines mov-
ing toward the smoke-shrouded valley. As
they filed by he acknowledged with a gesture
the salutation of the officers.
At the crest a deadly roar and blinding flash
from the guns across the valley met them.
All around men were falling, but Garnett kept
his eyes fixed upon the gallant figure in front
and followed. The vacant places were filled
and the line passed on down the slope into
open ground through the storm of balls and
shells raining from Cemetery Height.
As the smoke lifted, the sad and silent man
standing by the batteries saw the solid ranks
moving steadily on in symphonic rhythm,
their guns flashing in the sun.
“Wright says it is not so hard to go there,”
said the Artillery Commander. “He was nearly
there with his brigade yesterday. The diffi-
culty is to stay there.”
General Longstreet looked across at the dark
lines of men and guns on the opposite ridge.
“Yes, yes, that is the difficulty,” he said.
But the guns? Garnett had looked at them
with pride and confidence as he passed. When
their bulldog voices sounded across the valley
they might serve as the overture to a sym-
phony of triumph.
The guns! That was the anxious thought
of the Corps Commander as his gaze followed
the men on their descent into the valley of
death. He knew why the guns by which he
stood were silent as they sullenly looked down
upon a movement which they could not sup-
port.
“Stop Pickett and replenish the ammuni-
tion,” he said to the Artillery Commander.
“We can’t do that, sir,” was the mournful
reply. “It would take an hour to distribute
it and meanwhile the enemy would improve
the time.”
_ Longstreet turned from the silent guns to
acknowledge the salute of a tall officer who
was leading his brigade down the fatal slope.
With a start of surprise he recognized General
Garnett, who for days had been following the
army in an ambulance. He had made his
attendants lift him to the saddle and fasten
him there that he might lead his men to the
glorious death that blazed before his vision.
General Alexander’s heart leaped at the sight
of the friend whom he had not seen for months,
and following its promptings he went down
the line and joined General Garnett and rode
side by side with him to the rim of the slope.
There he paused and held out his hand.
“Goodbye, and good luck to you, old man,”
he said.
“A soldier’s luck,’’ returned General Gar-
nett with serene uplifted gaze, as if even then
he felt the outrushing tide of life-blood which
would on that day wash away the fiery letters
in which ‘“‘Kernstown”’ had been graven upon
his valiant heart.
The line reached open ground under a storm
of balls from Cemetery Ridge. The gaps the
guns had made in the ranks filled up and the
solid, living wall went forward as if the dead
that covered the ground like the fallen leaves
of autumn had added the impulse of their
own lives to the strength of their comrades.
A long blue line sprang suddenly up from the
grass which had hidden it from view, fired and
ran on, loading and turning to shoot again.
The battle-flag in front of Garnett fell. Before
it reached the ground he took it from the hand
of the ‘‘ Baby,” who looked a last farewell and
faintly whispered ‘‘Remember.” Again the
ranks closed up and went on unfalteringly.
As Garnett caught the flag one of his com-
rades sprang forward with the same design.
He looked around and saw the smoke-black-
ened face of the man who had bade farewell
to Virginia. Garnett passed the flag to him
and they went on together.
“Left oblique!”
Swiftly and steadily they obeyed while a
deafening roar filled the valley and a rain of
balls swept down from the cannon in front of
them. Again were the wide gaps filled as
were never such gaps of horror filled in the
long story of warfare.
“Front forward!”
Straight down upon the center now — on!
—on!—the glory of the battle sweeping
around them, enfolding them in a mantle of
flame, urging them forward with exultant
feet and hearts on fire.
“Forward! Quick march!”
Where the balls fell thickest and the fire
seemed to center in a condensed heart of flame
Garnett saw the horseman on whom his eyes
were fixed pause and look over the field. Like
a statue he sat while a leaden hail showered
around him. With his comrades Garnett
rushed by.
Over the fence that crossed the field they
leaped, the line breaking at the moment of
clearing, but instantly at command reforming
under a fiery storm from the batteries on the
heights amid the explosion of shells that filled
the air while the cries of the wounded and
dying pierced their hearts.
“Faster, men! Faster!” they heard above
the roar of the guns and the tramp of the
feet. Then the voice fell on silence. Gen-
eral Garnett was dead.
“Come on, boys!” shouted another voice
and a sword flashed high in the sun, a hat
borne upon its point. The tall, rugged man
who carried it aloft pointed to the blazing hill
and urged the men forward, his own daring
furnishing a magnet that was irresistible.
The leader on the black war-horse stopped on
the highroad that crossed the field and sat like
a figure of stone, the battie hot around him. A
staff officer came back from carrying an order.
“You are losing your spurs, Captain Bright,
instead of winning them,” said the General.
Captain Bright followed the glance of his
leader and saw that his spur had been shot
through and was hanging from his boot. The
General calmly viewed the scene, his keen eye
taking in every movement. The men rushed
by and Garnett thrilled with ardor as he saw
the motionless, erect figure under the falling
~shot and bursting shells.
On the other side of the line a man in blue
lifted his rifle and took careful aim at the form
standing out so boldly against the light. Then
he lowered his gun and turned back. Three
of his comrades were putting down their guns.
“We can’t kill a man as brave as that,” they
said.
Over on the right a gleam of bayonets and a
fire of musketry blazed into the faces of the
little band. It reeled and fell back, then ral-
lied and pressed on, and the two opposing
forces were intermingled, their muskets cross-
ing in fierce combat. Jasper, dismounted,
was in front of Garnett, resisting the onslaught
of a tall, dark man.
“The Raven!” thought Garnett.
He thrust his sword into the heart of Jas-
per’s assailant, who fell and was trampled
under many feet struggling toward the height.
The man who bore the flag fell and Garnett
would have stopped to aid him.
“Don’t mind me,” said the wounded man.
“Carry the flag to the front.”
A horse came dashing by and the fallen man
caught his bridle.
“Like Kendall, I can be a hitching post,”
he said.
Garnett bore the flag onward.
Over the stone wall and up the hill they fol-
lowed the sword that flashed a silver path for
them till they stood upon the flaming crest.
The first line of defenders fell back and Gar-
nett waved his battle-flag over the gun beside
which stood the man whose sword-flash had
lit the way. In a seething heart of fire he saw
the leader fall.
Forced back by the rally of the men on the
height, the little remnant of survivors reeled
down the hill, Jasper and Garnett together, a
storm of bullets following them as they went.
Half-way down the slope Jasper fell back and
Garnett caught him in his arms. “Jasper,
are you hurt, old fellow?”
Jasper made no answer and Garnett carried
him on, a mortal faintness seizing him sud-
denly, but he heeded it not, for above the roar
of the guns, the cries of the wounded, the tramp
of men and horses he heard a soft voice saying:
“Take care of him for me, — take care of
him for me!”
He laid his comrade upon the ground and
poured down his throat a drink from his can-
teen.
“He is not dead. He will not die; cannot,
for he has love to live for and it will take him
safely back to her.”
As he sank upon the ground he heard the
sound of hobbling feet and the face of Eagle-
heart was thrust into his own.
“Fagleheart, old fellow, did you come to tell
me goodbye? I know you carried your rider
valiantly into the battle till he fell from your
back. He could not have gone on without
you, for he was too ill to ride any other. Oh,
I am proud of you, Eagleheart, and I am glad
I lent you to the brave General Garnett. I
wonder if he knows that his namesake sol-
dier follows him so soon.”
The pathetic brown eyes of Eagleheart looked
wistfully into his with insistent appeal. Then
Garnett saw that one of his feet was shot off and,
led by instinct, he had hobbled to his master.
“Fagleheart, I love you and will do what
you ask of me. Goodbye, old fellow.”
He drew the pistol from his belt and took
sure aim. A long, slow quiver, a deep-drawn
sigh, and Eagleheart was at rest.
Garnett moved nearer to Jasper and put his
arm over him. He was too weak to lift him-
self to see how it was with his friend, but he
felt that all was right.
A bugle-note floated over the field, faint as
if the gentle Muse feared to enter upon the
terrible scene, plaintive as if the woes of a
universe weighed it down.
“Thank God, that is old Pete; he will find
him for her,’ said Garnett, as he sank into
unconsciousness.
““That is old Pete, bugling the dirge in the
greatest death-march the world has ever
known,” thought the leader of the little rem-
nant falling back from the fire-crested height,
and as Pete saw the General he involuntarily
struck the triumphant note with which he had
always greeted him, ‘‘See, the conquering hero
comes.”” But memory brought a sorrowful
strain into which was woven the tragedy of a
glorious and futile effort. Listening, he who
had led his men through the storm saw visions
as in a cloud, the aspiration of battle, the
thrill of the charge. His heart leaped with
the impulse of victory, sank with the knowl-
edge of defeat.
Then the bugle tones passed on and soared
above the clank of men surging back from a
glorious defeat that held no less of nobility
than would have shone in the crown of vic-
‘tory. It caught the heartbreak of wounds
and death, the love and longing of passing
souls, the agony of sadder souls that must
remain on earth and remember, the woe and
horror of that field of destruction, and carried
it aloft, mingled with the flower-fragrance of
love’s farewell and the dawn-glory of the
morning heights of eternal life, to beat
against the gates of that city where Peace
reigns forever.
It came softly to Garnett, as he lay touch-
ing the border-land with one hand while the
other reached longingly, gropingly, back toward
loved ones whom he was leaving. There was a
familiar tone in the strain as if it were wafted
to him on the winds of long-gone summers.
It did not come to him with the terrors of
battle, — the darkness of death. He was far
away from the world’s wars. To him it bore
the fragrance of wood-flowers that grew along
the paths he had trod in boyhood. It was
aglow with the sunlight that bathed a hillside
where he used to play. He saw again the
long grass waving in the wind. A song came
lilting down the years from the parted red lips
of a hazel-eyed girl with a forest of song-birds
in her throat.
Over toward the sunset the little band had
swept down the hill beyond his Ment and
hearing.
“YT have kept my faith, Catherine. I send
him back to you and to love,” sighed Gar-
nett, as old Pete’s notes, bugling for his
master, brought him back to consciousness.
He lay still for a time, his lashes sweeping
down upon his cheek, and then as his soul
took its flight her voice came to him on the
golden thread of an old song. A smile lit
up his face, he opened his eyes and whispered:
“TI knew you would come, sweetheart. I
feel the touch of your hand and your sweet
eyes are lighting the way for me. Goodbye,
— goodb-y-e, K-a-t-e.”
IKE a bit of wreckage tossed up from a
stormy sea, Jasper lay by the roadside.
Through the darkness that environed him he
heard a last fond goodbye spoken by a loved
voice but he could make no answer. The
sound of a bugle called him and he tried to
struggle back to light but sank again into
shadows.
Old Pete, anxious ever for the fate of the
young master whom destiny had confided to
him, found him after much bugling and pray-
ing and a perilous search.
_ “Praise de Lawd! Ez soon ez I buckled on
de shield er faith I knowed I’d find you, daid
er alibe, Marse Jasper, en ’fo’? Gord you ain’
needer de one ner needer de yudder, en ef yer
ain’ you en Marse Garnett layin’ yer tergedder
side by side wid one anudder. I mought a
knowed I’d foun’ you dat away, dough, fer
dar neber wuz no great distance ’twix’ you
bofe. Lubly in life, in def you ain’ ’wided.
Scuse me, Marse Jasper, I gwine feel yer heart.
T’ank Gawd! T’ank Gawd! It’s a beatin’
en good en strong. Yo’ life is spyared —
spyared!”
He turned to Garnett, whose arm was over
Jasper’s shoulder.
“Praise be ter de Lamb, you ain’ daid,
needer, Marse Garnett. S’pec’ you’s jes’ got
peppered up a li’le, too, wid dem bullets. Well,
I ain’ neber seed no Marser er mine so bad
off dat I couldn’ fotch ’im to wid a li’le man-
agin’. I habs ter ax you to scuse me, too,
Marse Garnett, but I ’bleeged ter tek yo’ arm
offn Marse Jasper, so he kin breave better,
en you kin, too. Name er gracious! What’s
dis? Lawd! Lawd! What’s de matter wid
my ole eyes? Marse Garnett! Marse Gar-
nett! Marse Garnett! Is you daid, Marse
Garnett? —daid en smilin’ at me lak dat?
Well, I neber would a thunk you could be daid
en smile lak dat, Marse Garnett. You neber
done dat away befo’; neber sence I knowed
you; en ’tain’ lak you, Marse Garnett, ter
go and leabe Marse Jasper by hisse’f. Fer-
gib me, please, suh, fergib yo’ ole Pete fer what
he’s gwine ter do, but he’s ’bleeged ter part
you en Marse Jasper now sho’ ’nough, en hit
suttinly do hu’t him th’oo en th’oo f’um his
gizzard ter his lights ter do it, but ef Marse
Jasper comes to en sees you lak dis, den ole
Pete gwine hab double trouble ter kyar back
ter de home folks. Yas, dar’ll be a pyar er
daid ones ter moan ober.”
So saying, Pete, after listening again at
Garnett’s heart, lifted him tenderly and car-
ried him away, laying him down gently and
taking a mournful leave of him.
“You sho’ly wuz a gemman, Marse Garnett,
— a gemman ter de backbone ef eber dar wuz
one. You allers had a ninepence raidy in
peace time en a shinplaster or a nice crackly
Confederick note in war time fer de ole man.
Well, you’re safe now, Marse Garnett, safe in
de bosom er good ole Marse Aberham, whar
bullets en bayonets cyan’ tetch you no mo’ en
whar mebbe you mought git sumpn decent fer
ter eat. I gwine gib Miss Kate a message fer
you. Ole Pete know heap mo’ dan you t’ink
he know. You cyan’ fool ole Pete. He knows
dat smile on yo’ face wuz fer Miss Kate. Ole
Pete’s heart is mos’ bruk ter leabe you lak dis,
Marse Garnett, fer you is mos’ lak his own
young Marser, but he ’bleeged ter do it fer
Marse Jasper mought come to any minute
en I cyan’ do you no good now. Goodbye,
Marse Garnett, goodbye.”
With tears rolling down his cheeks the faith-
ful servant returned to Jasper.
“T knows I kin fetch Marse Jasper back
fum de grabe ef I bugles fer him. I gwine try
de reveille now: dat’s de chune dat weks him
mawnin’s. Yas, dat’s allus weked him fum de
soundes’ sleep dat a soger knows; dat sleep
dat he has w’en he’s marched all day en half
de night befo’.”
No answering look of consciousness came to
the still face in response to the ‘stirring notes
that had so often aroused the young soldier
to the duties of the day.
“What! Dat don’ wek you? Well, I gwine
buckle on my faith en try sumpn dat will; dat
chune Miss Kate totch me ter bugle; dat ’ud
fotch you back ef you wuz daid en buried.
No, suh, Marse Jasper, you won’ lay still w’en
dem notes is a floatin’ ’roun’ you. Ah, hong!
— What I say? Gawd bress Miss Kate fer
teachin’ me dat song! — Gawd be praised dat
I hilt on ter de faith!”
Whether the magic of his sweetheart’s bugle-
song had the power ascribed to it or not, the
young Colonel opened his eyes before it was
finished.
“Is it time to get up, Pete?”
“Nor, suh; ’tain’ time yit, Marse Jasper.
Den ag’in, you mus’ er hu’t yerse’f somehow
er udder so you better lay still twel I kin git
somebody ter he’p me cyar you ’way fum yer.”
“Oh, I remember now, —the battle. We
won, didn’t we? The battle, Pete — the
battle — is not lost!”
“You suttinly is got a good reckerlection.
I ain’ ’memberin’ nuttin’ ’tall ’bout losin’ no
battles,” said Pete gruffly, to hide his feeling.
“Vs tinkin’ ’bout you, Marse Jasper, en how
I kin get you ’way fum yer fo’ dem Yankees
teks you pris’ner.”
“Where is Lieutenant Phillips? I thought
I heard him call your Miss Catherine’s name.
Was I dreaming or was it his spirit. He is
not dead, Pete, is he?”
“Who? Marse Garnett daid? Lor, nor,
suh! Marse Garnett ain’ so easy ter git kilt.
He’s gone ’long down de road wid de yudders.”
Pete laughed to carry out the deceit, but
turned his head away.
“Fus’ time, I s’pec’, dat I eber tole a lie in
my life, but dar’s some lies dat de good Lawd
don’ write ’g’inst yo’ name ner strek you daid
fer, needer, I reckon, lak He did Marse Ana-
nias, en dis is one er’ ’em,” he said to himself.
“T was sure, Pete, that your Marse Garnett
was beside me when I heard your bugle.”
“You cyan’ be sho’ er nuttin’ in dis worl’,
Marse Jasper. “Scuse me now; I’s gwine git
a man up in de woods dar ter he’p me cyar
you back fo’ dese yer Yanks kotches you en
me bofe en puts us in prison en we ain’ got no
time to be projeckin.’ I knows whar de man is
en I’s gwine fer ’im; he wuz driv outn his house
by de firin’. He ain’ no Yankee. He’s what
dey call a copperas haid.”
Pete was soon back with his assistant.
Carefully as they lifted Jasper, he sank again
into merciful unconsciousness and knew not
when he was taken across the death-red valley.
When they reached the hill on the other side
of the field consciousness came back to Jas-
per, and with it a twinge of pain which brought
a groan from the lips that were set with grim
fierceness in the effort to suppress all sign of
suffering.
“Easy, boys, easy,” said a low, deep voice
in a tone so gentle that the sound of it soothed
away a part of the misery of the undressed
wound stiffening in the burning heat of the
path that skirted the battlefield. “Carry him
gently for his pain and for the memory of the
*brave fellows we leave behind us.”
Jasper lifted his heavy eyelids slowly and
looked up to see what wondrous face might
belong with this voice that was like a strain of
half-forgotten music drifting around him in a
dream which was otherwise only darkness and
fear. There was a familiar note in the voice
as if it might have fallen upon his ear often in
the past when life was full in his veins and
meant so much more than it could ever mean
again.
The pain-worn face was so filled with tender-
ness that it brought tears to his eyes only to
look at it, — tears that took away half his suf-
fering in their flow but filled his heart with a
deeper, wider pain,—a sense of loss that
seemed world-wide.
The face into which Jasper looked was the
same he had seen when the morning light
made a dim radiance under the canopy of the
trees brilliant with the greenery of summer, —
the face at sight of which the men who dared
not lift their voices in the ringing cheers that
welled up in their hearts had raised their
caps and bowed their heads in reverence
and love,—the same face, yet not the same,
for the battle ardor had died out and
left it pale with the sorrow of a great
loss, — perhaps the greatest loss that had
ever come to a man since the first battle for
supremacy was fought in a wildly ambitious
world. For over each dead form that lay on
that blood-crimsoned field his heart mourned
as a father-heart mourns over the grave of a
son. The tiger-eyes that had flamed with the
fire of the coming conflict were softened in a
gray tender light sadder than tears.
“Courage, my lad; we shall soon be among
friends whose hearts and hands will bring you
comfort.”
The leader of the few who had in so short
a time traveled the road to immortality and
returned to earthly living looked back along
the way.
“Far better for us,” he said, stretching out
his arms toward the long windrows left by the
reaper Death, “had we stayed with them.
But if J can cross that valley and live, cannot
you?”
Thus the brave, tender-hearted General
Pickett after the battle stood beside one of
his “boys” as the sun sank behind the hills
to rise again in golden glory when the night
should pass.
The sun that had gilded the Flag of the
Southern Cross had set to rise no more for-
ever.
ATHERINE stood in the oak-paneled
dining-hall and looked from the open
window across to the servants’ quarters. In
the center of the wide space in front a dusky
group had gathered. The night was murky
and the scene was lit by pine-knot torches
held in the hands of some half-grown youths
whose faces, upturned to the flaring light,
seemed to catch a demoniac glow that wavered
and changed with the flickering glare. As the
company moved about in the red light one
might have fancied that a group from subter-
ranean regions had met for spectral revelry.
Kate was thinking only how good and faith-
ful they had been, — these black people of
Magnolia Lawn. Politically they had been
free for half a year. Practically they had
been free much longer than that, for had they
wished to leave the old plantation there had
been nothing to prevent. It was their home
and they loved it. What more could the wil-
derness of freedom offer them? Many of the
neighboring servants had chosen the uncer-
“tainties of that great unknown country rather
than the safety of the tried and known. She
did not think it strange that they had done
so. Though the offered gift bear nothing of
freedom but its name, it yet holds out to the
imagination such brilliant possibilities that
only a great love can outshine it in glory. Such
a love these faithful hearts held for the old
home and its inmates.
There was a barbaric splendor in the scene
that carried Kate’s fancy into the fantastic
shadows of oriental traditions.
The negroes had formed a semicircle around
the illumined space and the light flickering over
their faces gave them an unearthly expression
of awesome enchantment.
An old man who formed the keystone of the
arch began to sing slowly in a deep melancholy
tone a song commemorative of the manifold
virtues and sorrowful fate of one “Poor Uncle
Ned,” who had lived a long time ago and had
gone to a rest well earned by a protracted life
of good deeds and self-sacrifice. He had ap-
parently been forced to relinquish most of the
attractions which earthly existence offers to
the average human being.
His fingers wuz long lak de cane in de brake
En he had no eyes fer ter see;
En he had no teefs fet ter eat de corn-cake,
So he had ter let de corn-cake be.
All joined in the chorus, which welled up in
a heavy surge of woe:
Den hang up de fiddle en de bow-o-0-0,
Lay down de shubble en de hoe-o-0-0;
Fer dar’s no mo’ wu’k fer po’ ole Ned,
He’s gone whar de good niggers go.”
As the first note of the chorus swelled out in
a volume of sad melody a girl glided into the
center of the circle and began a slow, weird,
mystic dance, swaying backward and forward
and from side to side, keeping time with her
sinuous movements to the rise and fall of the
dirge. To them the life and death of the good
old black man of whom they sang who had
“died long ago, long ago” and who “had no
wool on de top er his haid in de place whar de
wool ought ter grow,” were as real and as new
as were the scenes of their every-day life.
When the funeral ode was ended the same
deep rich voices rang out in a merry song with
a chorus of laughter after each stanza. A
half-grown boy ran into the circle and began a
clog-dance to the gay notes of the banjo and
. the clank of the bones, followed by another and
yet another, all joining in heartily with the
laughing chorus to which their twinkling feet
kept time.
“What children they are,” thought Kate, as
she joined in the laugh. “They weep over imag-
inary sorrows and laugh over fancied joys with-
out a thought of the realities of life. Ah, here
comes Uncle Zeke. Why are you not having
fun down at the cabins with the others? Dear
me, what has happened to please you so?”
“Happened! Miss Kate, why sumpn’s hap-
pened ter mek yo’ Ung Zeke want ter do mo’
dan dance. He wants ter shout lak he’d jes’
got ‘ligion fer de fus’ time.”
“What is it, Uncle Zeke? Do tell me.”
“Well, Miss Kate, Marse Carey’s jes’ come
fum Richmon’ en brung de news dat ’way up
dar at de Norf what Marse Gen’! Lee’s been a
foughtin’, dat we-all’s whopped dem Yankees
en dat we-all’s army’s marchin’ ter Wash’ton
en dat we-all ‘ill be dar termorrer er de naix’
day sho’. Oh, de Jubilee am a comin’, Miss
Kate, it am a comin’!”’
“Are you sure, Uncle Zeke?” she cried, her
cheeks aglow and her eyes dancing.
“Sho’ en sartin! Miss Kate, sho’, fer Marse
Carey jes’ dis minute got back fum Richmon’
whar dey knows ebbyt’ing, en dat’s what dey
tole him. De news come dar yis’day en has
jes’ got ’roun’ to us.”’
Victory! For one instant Kate’s heart stood
still as if it would never beat again. The
world was dark before her and she heard
strange sounds far off on an unknown shore.
Something seemed to grasp at her throat and
she could not breathe. Intense joy had brought
a helpless pain like that which comes with
intense grief. Then light came back. Tears
filled her eyes, — the tears that lie alike at the
heart of a great happiness and a great sorrow.
Her cheeks, which had gone suddenly pale
with the shock of joy, blossomed out redder
than the roses that bloomed in Omar’s garden.
The triumph in her heart flamed into her eyes
and dried away the tears.
Her first thought was of Jasper. The war
was ended and he would soon come home, —
come home to her! The long terror of battle
was over and sweet peace had come at last.
For what could there be more to do than to go
to Washington and offer to withdraw the army
from Northern soil on condition that the South
should own herself and live her own life?
-What a magnificent, glorious life it would be
with their wide fertile lands, their beautiful
homes, the power to make their own laws
adapted to their own needs.
But what were laws and national interests
to Kate? Jasper was coming home. What
wider meaning than that had peace for her?
And Garnett, — yes, he would come, too.
In the first rush of joy she had not thought of
him. She would be glad to see him, though.
He was a dear fellow and had been good to
Jasper. That either would not come had never
dawned upon her thought. Lovers and cousins
and fathers and brothers had been left on the
field, and sweethearts and cousins and sisters
and daughters had walked black-robed in the
sun, and the darkness of their sorrow had
dimmed the light of day for her. That she
should suffer like loss had never come within
the range of her imaginings. The field-glass
of youth sees no cloud on the horizon of the
future even when the eyes of youth are forced
to recognize a present darkness.
In the exuberance of his feeling Uncle Zeke
executed a pigeon-wing with a lightsomeness
not to be surpassed by the gayest youth in
the quarters.
“Bravo, Uncle Zeke! Bravo! But why are
you celebrating a victory for the South? The
North is fighting your battle. The Northern
President has set you free.”
“Ef he did I didn’ neber go, did I?”
“No; but if General Lee’s army goes to
Washington it might happen that you would
lose your opportunity to go. I suppose the
yoke is heavy in proportion to the remoteness
of the possibility of shaking it off.”
“T don’ know nuttin’ ’tall bout no ’mote-
ness, but dar wan’t neber no heaby yoke
*roun’ my naik, Miss Kate. I cyan’ say how
*tis wid ole Marser. I reckon he’s had de
yoke ’roun’ his naik all his natchul born life
but he don’ neber say much, dough I did hyer
him say oncet dat ef we-all didn’ run away
moughty soon he’d jes hab ter doit. But eben
he neber done it. He wuz jes’ projickin’ wid
we-alls en skeerin’ us kaze he wuz mad ’bout
Dick lettin’ de ca’ige run ’way wid de hosses;
den ole Jake tuck de feber en Jim en Pete fit a
fought ’bout Jemima Ann, en all dat meked ole
Marse kinder discouraged, I reckon, en so he
up en th’eatened we-all. But, lor, Miss Kate,
I ain’ skeert ole Marser gwineter run ’way en
leabe we-all en one t’ing sho’, we-all ain’ neber
" gwineter run ’way en leabe him, en we don’ want
him eber ter ’sult us a gibin’ us no ’mansu-
mashum papers, needer, fer we-all cyan’ do
*"dout one anudder.”
Kate looked over towhere the clog dancer was
keeping vigorous time to the orchestra of banjo,
bones, clapping hands, and musical voices.
“Have you told them about the great news?”
“Nor’m. Whut’s de use? Dem niggers is
happy ez long ez dey’s dancin’ en a singin’ en
hit don’ mek no diffunce whut dey’s dancin’
*bout, nuther. Hit mought ez well be ’bout
a possum en a sweet ’tater ez bout a flag en
a kentry fer all dey’d keer, sepn dey’d t’ink a
possum en a sweet ’tater wuz wuf mo’ ter fight
*bout. Dey’ll know it ez soon ez ole Marse
comes, anyhow. He’s ober at Marse Carey’s
en hyeard it fo’ I hyeard it. En lis’n — lis’n
—lis’n, Miss Kate! Lis’n ter dat bell! Don’
you hyer it sayin’, ‘Vic’try! Vic’try! Vic’try!
De Souf’s free! De Souf’s free!’ Did you
eber hyer any shoutin’ soun’ sweeter, er singin’,
eeder, ez ter dat, dan de music dem bells is a
ringin’ out ter tell us dat de Lawd en His
angels is done en perwailed en dat de Souf’s
a free eberlastin’ libin’ glory ter de name er
de Lawd or Gawd fereber mo’!”
The old man lifted his clasped hands and
looked upward with an expression of beatific
happiness illuminating his face.
At that moment Kate saw a sable youth
leap the fence and run toward the quarters,
shouting some message the words of which she
could not distinguish.
Each reveler paused instantly in the atti-
tude in which he chanced to be. The clog
dancer stood on one foot, the other held in air
as if executing the next step. Kate observed
how graceful his lithe figure was in that pose.
Old Czsar’s bow was lifted in preparation for
beginning a spirited and dashing strain. The
bones held by Thomas Jefferson Monroe re-
mained crossed at the exact musical angle.
George Washington Bonaparte’s hand was
arrested on its downward flight toward the
last note of “Juba dis en Juba dat, en Juba
’roun’ de kittle er fat.”” Kate thought of the
city that fell mute when the Sleeping Beauty
sank into her long slumber.
The reaction came. Every figure bounded
into activity. The music rang out with a
wild note of triumph that filled the night. The
bones rattled out their victorious message as
if the joyful news had brought life again to
them and clothed them with sentient flesh and
given them a heart to thrill with triumph.
The clapping of hands resounded uproariously.
A chorus of voices rolled out in a jubilee and
the wave of melody widened out over a sea
that had no shore.
“Dey sho’ is got dar Ferginia blood het up,”
said Zeke with admiration. “’Pear lak w’edder
dey’s fiel’ hands er bodyguards dese niggers is
all got heart feelin’s fer we-all’s cause.”
Through the wild uproar of the plantation
surged the solemn, proud, triumphant yet
almost melancholy refrain of the bells, ‘The
South is free! The South is free!”
Thus the news came home. Far-off nations
learned the fateful decision of that great con-
flict before accurate tidings of it could perco-
late through the stone wall which war had
built around the South. Rumor was opti-
mistic, and the hope of a great victory swelled
under her cheerful ministrations. For a little
moment, the South felt the bliss of triumph.
Then darkness fell.
: RAISE de Lawd! We’s gittin’ to’a’ds
home, Marse Jasper. Yas, suh, we’s
jis’ sightin’ de ole Slocum place now. Praise
de Lawd! We’s mos’ dar at las’.”
Jasper Carrington lay half asleep on an army
cot in the old covered wagon in which his
faithful servant was taking his wounded mas-
ter home. The negro, waving a fan gently to
and fro over the white face, glanced at Jas-
pers cap under the driver’s seat. It had
served as a fan until a thoughtful woman at
the last stopping place had given them the
palm-leaf. The gray cloth was faded and
dusty, the gold cord tarnished and frayed.
He took it up and turned it over. In the
crown was a strip of white silk, discolored now,
on which was embroidered the owner’s name.
The old man could not read, but he knew the
meaning of the mysterious characters and that
they were the work of Kate’s dainty fingers.
Colonel Carrington moved restlessly.
“Have we passed the road to Magnolia
Lawn yet, Pete?”’
“No, suh; but we’s comin’ to it; we’s
jamby dar.”
The old man looked wistfully at his master.
*“°’Pear lak ter me, Marse Jasper, dat when
we does come ter it we’d better turn in dar.
Miss Kate ain’ neber gwine fergib we-alls ef
we don’ stop en pay ’em a visit.”
“Yes, but I can’t stop like this, Pete; no,
not like this. You do as I tell you and go
on to Brightview.”” The voice, though weary,
had an unmistakable element of firmness.
““And, remember, Pete, if we meet any one on
the road, not one word, and don’t you even
dare show your black face. We are just a
team passing through the country, that’s all.
You understand?”
“Yas, Marse Jasper. I understan’s.”’
“And you promise me, Pete?”
The old man groaned inwardly.
“Yas, suh; I promises you all ret. De Lawd
ha’ mussy!”
Every foot of the way was familiar to Uncle
Pete. He peered eagerly ahead past the
driver’s portly figure and saw two or three
children in the bushes by the roadside. Only
members of the household of Magnolia Lawn
would be gathering berries on that stretch of
road, miles away from any other habitation.
His old heart gave a jump and with difficulty
he suppressed a cry. It was a chance —a
slim chance — but the only one, and he would
take it.
He ceased fanning and closely watched the
sleeper, who did not stir. As the wagon neared
the children Pete crept cautiously forward
and picked up the gray cap. Then he took
the large white handkerchief with which he
had been wiping away the drops that occa-
sionally broke out on the young man’s face,
threw it over his head and leaned across the
seat.
The children stood up, dumb, stolid, to
watch the wagon go by. They did not move
even when a man’s cap, hurled by a long arm
from the front of the cart, fell at the feet of
the largest boy. A few moments later Pete,
whose face was still masked, watching them
from the rear of the cart, saw them pick up
the cap, examine it with great excitement and
shrill little cries, and then set off with it at
full speed up the lane to Magnolia Lawn.
There remained still a weary three hours’
drive. Colonel Carrington slept fitfully and
as they neared Brightview restlessly insisted
‘on sitting up.
“We are almost there, Pete. Another turn;
— there, driver, go in at this first gate.”
“Lawd ha’ mussy, look! Is dat we-all’s
home? Is dat Brightview? Dat cyan’t be
we-all’s home, sho’; bu’nt up lak dat!”
Pete’s bent frame straightened up and over
his face spread a peculiar pallor. His mas-
ter, too, went even whiter than _ before.
Neither spoke as the wagon bumped heavily
over the ill-kept road.
Beyond the burned trees stood the black-
ened frame, the charred timbers of the old
house — one wing only standing, the remain-
ing two-thirds of the structure leveled almost
to the ground.
Colonel Carrington laid a hand affectionately
on the wrinkled black one clinched on the
side of the cot.
“Tt is still home, Pete, as long as there is a
stone left, — still home.”
Pete turned pathetic eyes on his master’s face.
“Ole Mistis? Miss Ca’line?” He barely
whispered the words. —
“T hope they have not heard,’ was the
reply. ‘When I left they went to my cousin’s
in Nansemond.”’
“We-all mus’ do a heap er mendin’ en fixin’
up den ’fo’ dey gits back ag’in. Ole Pete allus
wuz good at carpent’in’ wuk. I hope dem
Yankees lef’ de tools in de tool house.”” Then
after a pause, “You jes’ herry up en git well,
Marse Jasper, en you en de ole man gwine
hab some fun projeckin’ ’roun’ en buildin’ de
ole place up ag’in fer somebody!”
The wing that remained contained but three
rooms — the long, low sitting-room of hallowed
memories, and two small chambers above. This
part had been saved by the brave efforts of the
loyal servants who had risked their lives to put
out the flames when the destroyers had gone.
Some of the old Brightview servants came
out with faces keen with curiosity which sud-
denly changed to alarm when they saw their
master lying helpless on the cot, then to delight
when he called their names in a cheerful voice
and assured them that he was not much hurt.
Colonel Carrington was carried slowly into
the sitting-room and the cot put down gently
near the west window where there was a faint
breeze stirring. Here the desolation, the trag-
edy, seemed more awful still. Apparently
the vandal sword had been ruthlessly swept to
right and left in an attempt to destroy what
-could not be carried away.
The old cook had hurried off to get fresh
milk and eggs for her “‘Marser,” joyous in the
thought of having one of her “w’ite folks”
again to serve.
Jasper lay and looked about him, an occa-
sional groan escaping his lips. Troops of
olden memories had followed him through the
doorway and were gathering around his cot, —
memories of olden home-comings when the
old house stood stately and fair and gave him
sweet welcome that gladdened his heart. He
remembered the last time he had come home,
when mother and sister had met him with
loving caresses and the one girl in all the world
had taken a wild night ride to warn him of
danger.
Old Pete bustled about, making a great deal
of fuss over getting things comfortable, for it
would never do to let the young master see
that he, too, could have laid himself down and
groaned in anguish of spirit.
Presently, after he had been given some hot _
milk, he called out wistfully:
“T thought I heard horses, Pete. I wish
I could see the road from here. Oh, it would
be so good to catch a glimpse of some of the
home people, wouldn’t it?”
“T ain’ hyeared no hosses ner nuthin’, Marse
Jasper. I reckon it’s de team gwine back. I
spec’, too, dat fool driver is skeert er be bein’
cotched on dese onfamilous roads atter dark.
En hit’s gwine ter be dark, too, in th’ee er fo’
hours fum now.”
Suddenly for a second there appeared in
the doorway a girlish figure in a riding habit.
Finger on lip, the other hand beckoning, the
girl receded into the shadows. Pete nodded
and then went to Jasper’s side. The young
man lay looking out of the window.
“You lemme raise you jes’ a mite, Marse
Jasper, ter ease you while I rummage ’roun’
ter see ef dere’s anythin’ lef’ in de house ter
mek we-all mo’ comf’ble. Dis yer do’s got ter
be kep’ shet ’count er de win’. You gits ’nuf
a’r fum all dem winders ’dout habin’ de do’
wide open, too.”
He went out and drew the door to behind
him.
Kate and her father stood on the veranda,
the girl nervously plaiting into folds the soft
felt hat she had worn. Uncle Zeke was in the
shadows beyond, at his feet a big basket and a
bundle of bedding.
“So you have brought your young master
home, Uncle Pete. I hope he is not badly
wounded,” said the Colonel.
“Ts he much hurt? He isn’t going to die,
is he, Uncle Pete?”
“Lor, no, Honey. Don’ you werry none,
Miss Kate. Marse Jasper jes’ shot in de laig
wid one er dem big bullets en peppered up some
wid de li’le ones, dat’s all. Ole Pete gwine hab
im walkin’ ’roun’ en dancin’ ’fo’ de een er de
week.”
“Really, Uncle Pete? You wouldn’t deceive
me, would you?”
“No’m; hones’ ter gracious, Miss Kate,
dat I wouldn’. Don’ you s’pose Ole Pete’d
be skeert, too, ef dar wuz anythin’ ter be skeert
*bout?”
“*IT must see him this minute. I can’t wait.
I won’t startle him.”
“‘No’m, you cyan’ startleize Marse Jasper,
but ef I tole him you wuz hyer he’d fergit all
*bout dem game laigs en git offn dat cot ’fo’
ole Pete could stop him, en dat wouldn’ neber
do.”
“Well, you go in and keep him from getting
up and father and I will just come in slowly
and let him see us.”
The old man turned as he was about to open
the door and said:
“You better let yo’ pa stay outside, Honey,
en come in by yo’se’f firs’.”’
Uncle Pete entered the sitting-room.
“Did you find anything, Pete? Oh, I wish
I could get up.”
“Did I find anything? Well, you'll see in a
minute what I found, Marse Jasper. Jes’
wait en you'll see what I foun’.”
The old man chuckled as he spread over
Jasper, with an almost womanly touch, a lav-
ender-scented sheet from a chest saved by the
servants from the flames. Then he went
around to the other side of the cot and stood
before him, shutting out the view of the door.
“You don’ want no mo’ milk, does you,
Marse Jasper?”
“No; what’s that? I thought I heard a
footstep.”
The sick man started; Uncle Pete moved
away.
“Kate! Kate! My darling; — my darling,
am I dreaming?”
“No, suh, Marse Jasper, you ain’t dreamin’;
bress yo’ heart. Now you knows whut de ole
man foun’.”
Out of the shadow she came into the
golden radiance that shone from the west.
Her face was white with tense emotion and
her dark eyes were aglow. The wondrous pic-
ture held him motionless and silent as the
realization of her presence dawned upon him.
She came into the sunset glory and knelt be-
side the cot. His arms were around her and
his lips in the wind-blown tangle of her hair.
Pete tiptoed out, a suspicious moisture in
his eyes.
‘Kate, my sweetheart, my love! How did you
know? Howdid you come here? Little girl, little
girl, don’t cry so. I’m all right — all right.”
The wonder of it all filled his heart again and
he said: — ““How did you know?”
“One of the boys brought me a cap with the
very strip of silk on which I had embroidered
your name, saying that it had been thrown
from a wagon that went down the lane, by a
negro with something white over his face. He
said that there was a dead soldier lying in the
wagon. I knew that Uncle Pete had brought
you home and we came at once.”
“That old rascal, Pete!’’ said Jasper, with a
smile of content.
Half an hour later Pete tiptoed back. Kate
sat in the window, her eyes shining. Jasper
held her hands and his gaze did not leave her
face.
“You must tell me what you need, Uncle
Pete,” said Kate; “everything you haven’t
got, and you shall have it the first thing in
the morning. Or to-night, if need be. Uncle
Zeke and I must be going in a few minutes.
Father will remain with Jasper, dear heart.
I shall be back in the morning and bring Doc-
tor Gorham, just to make sure.” '
“T sont fer de Doctor de firs’ t’ing, en I’s
*spectin’ him any minute.”
“You are so thoughtful, Uncle Pete, and
just to think of your bringing him home by
yourself. Where is my Cousin Garnett? But
T suppose he couldn’t get leave. Your master
tells me you saw him last going down the
road.”
“Yas’m; he wuz gwine down de road.”’ Uncle
Zeke’s throat tightened. “‘Dat’s how I seed
him, Honey. Gwine down de road ’long wid de
yudders —happy lak en smilin’; smilin’ jes’
lak he allus done.” He went on hastily to
cover the confusion of his mistake. ‘‘De
Gen’] he holp me a heap en he tol’ me ter fotch
Marse Jasper “long home en I fotch him.
‘Here’s de money fer yo’ suspenses, Pete,’ he
say, ‘ca’y him easy, en git all de holp you
needs.’”
A glow of love and reverence lit Jasper’s
eyes as he said:
“That is our General’s loving spirit, always
around us to aid and bless. You can never
know what General Pickett has been to me;
—a strong arm to support, a steady hand to
guide, a wise head to counsel, a gentle heart
to sympathize in joy and sorrow. An inspira-
tion on march and field, he is a living force to
give his men the power to endure and achieve.
The hottest place in the battle is where he is
seen leading his Division, and there is not a
man of us who would not proudly follow him
to death.”
Kate pressed his hand, silent with the deep
feeling that surged through her heart. Then
she turned to the window.
“T must go now; the sun has set,”’ she said
softly. “But not for us; nor for the South.
For all of us a grand, a glorious, sunrise, and a
perfect day, Jasper, dear.”
“Yes, sweetheart mine. A new home, a
new South, but the old, old love.”
The gray dusk closed about them. Pete
had crept away into the shadows and through
the twilight came the clear sweet sound of
Kate’s bugle-call.
