Your letter of the 9th May was rec'd last night. I hasten to reply. First let me express great satisfaction your Statement of facts affords me. I was slow in believing that the veterans once commanded by our beloved and the departed Hero, the Immortal Jackson, could or would ever falter in the discharge of their duty.  I will briefly state the the occurrences of Sunday May 3rd in order that you may understand why I reported to Maj. Gen. R.E. [unclear: Rodes] that I had passed over [unclear: Jones'] Brig and a part of Genl Paxton's. Having been in the advance Friday and Sat. our Division was placed in the 3rd line on Sunday. Soon I was ordered to advance to the support of our 2nd line. Arriving at the enemy's first line of breast works at a [unclear: dary]  [unclear: crisis]. I found behind this line a large body of troops 3  sometimes 6 deep. I immediately halted my Brig. & told these troops the order was to advance. Directed them to move forward, that I would support them. Not a man moved. I then enquired what troops were there. Several men answered "I belong to the Stonewall Brig" I asked for Genl Paxton, whom I knew as a brave man and true. They could not tell me where he was but stated he had moved to the Right. I then moved on to the right, asked again about 75 or 100 yds from the men I had just questioned. As above, what troops they were lying in my front. I was answered "We belong to the Stonewall Brig" I hastened on to the right. About fifty yds further to the right when I found an Officer in Majors uniform. In answer to my questions he told me that he belonged to Jones Brig. that Gen'l Jones was not there and that Col. [unclear: Garnett] Comd. of the Brig had been killed. The troops on his right were those of Jones' Brig. These troops I urged to go forward. They did not move. The crisis was . A general advance of the whole line I knew had been ordered. Therefore I ordered my Brig forward over those of Genl Jones' and over those who told me that they were of the Stonewall Brig. and my officers & men have been under the impression that they ran over Paxton and Jones Brigades. I am happy to correct an impression which does injustice to the Brigade called after the Immortal "Stonewall", which I will do most cheerfully by having your letter published to [unclear: the very] troops at Dress Parade. The number of men who said they belonged to the Stonewall Brig I do not know. I take it they were rather lost from their regts. & were skulkers or were other than they represented themselves to be. I have sent to all that I have always deprecated all miserable jealousies between troops from Sister States [unclear: contending] for a common and glorious cause and this matter has been spoken of by me with caution and regret. In order to explain any terrible loss more than 1/2 of the force carried into action I conceived it to be my duty to report to Maj. Gen. Rodes that though frequently sent for after my Brig. advanced to come to my assistance, and twice by myself ordered forward, the troops I had passed over refused to drive the enemy from a gap on my right flank, from which position he was pouring a destructive [unclear: enfilading] fire into my line by which I lost most of my men.