I have just finished reading your welcome & highly esteemed letter, which believe me was a source of much pleasure in me. You said in yours that you had come to the conclusion that I had forgotten you from the fact that you had not received a letter for so long from me. Now I must say in all candor that this is exactly my notion about you. for I full confident that you were due me two letters at least. But I shall not fall out with you about that. As you may not have gotten them. Well I must tell you we have had some very hard times since our battle, in the way of living some times entirely out of meat & bread & laying in an old field where the sun was hot enough to cook an egg & nothing but muddy creek water to drink half the time. But I am happy to say that we are fareing much better now. We are in a nice grove & have very good water yet we have to go almost a half mile for it but that is nothing to what it is sometime.Well I must give you all the news I can on this half sheet as paper is very scarce. We are now about 9 miles from the junction toward Halifax Courthouse - how long we will be permitted to stay I am unable to say now. I have no idea of where our next move will be to, [unclear: unless] it be to Washington, however it does not become me to say anything that mightI don't know. One think I feel very confident of & that is that I dont think we will have another attack at this point soon. I must hasten on as I have  other letters to answer this evening. One to your Cousins Annie & Hannah & one to Cousin Hollie & Sallie Harris. So you see I'll be Right busy. But one thing is in my favor. I haven't but one & half sheet to write on & it wont take long to do that. I dont know what we will do now. we cant get any thing of the kind here at all. I hope you will not [unclear: quit] if you should not get an answer to your next. I will [unclear: certainly] write every opportunity .  before one with a great long fall on waiting to your Cousin Annie. he looks so sour that sugar would hardly melt in his mouth. Enough of that. John & Sam Thompson are both well. The health of our boys is pretty good, with the exception of two or three cases  of fever, one of measles & 1 mumps, none dangerous however. I had thought of getting a furlough this week, but they have shut right down on giving them however I hope it will not be long till I can get one.