 Music Music has charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks, and bend the knotted oak   It is difficult for me to do adequate justice to a theme so extensive, or to advance any thing new upon it, since (it is that) all the great poets from Shakespear down have combined their masterly intellects in extolling its glory, and sung their sweetest [unclear: buys] when animated by its genius; so let us be confined to a few points - a very few, and be careful that our muses dose not likewise incite us to take up our harps to sing of its enhancing spells. For a man never feels more sublime and poet-like than when intoxicated by the voluptuous strains of music; and we who do not wish to deal in rhymetricalrythmical composition had better be on our guard when under its influence, lest from the impulse of the moment some sweet little verses come spontaneously forth.  Oh; music, sphere descending maid, Friend of pleasure, wisdoms aid. how [unclear: just] look there, from singing I can refrain scarce  Hush, my [unclear: lyne] I shall not sing again. Who can properly estimate the effect of music upon the human heart, or the magnitude of the great end for which it was created. In it there is nothing to incite us deeds; but on the other hand it animates those more exalted passions of the heart, creates glorious sensations, and inspires us "_____ to noble God like deeds." Music lulls the fretting babe to sleep - wakens youthful aspirations - destroys the plethora of the sorrowing heart - reanimates the christian's zeal - creates mental inspiration - electrifies the poets fancy - makes the statesman more eloquent - the patriot more devoted and arms the warrior with two fold courage to face the battle storm, to rush undaunted upon his foe shouting "liberty or death," and does a thousand other things too numerous to mention. To me there is music in almost every thing I admire, to me there is music in a pretty woman's eye, in her sweet voice, and in her smile, especially if she is one that I Love.  "Ther's music on the sighing of a reed, Ther's music in the gushing of a [unclear: hill], Ther's music in all things, if man had ears There earth is but an echo of the spheres." Then to what shall we compare a man who has neither taste nor ear for music? I cannot better express myself upon him, than in the following lines from Shakespear;- The man that hath no music in his soul Is fit for treason, stratagem & spoils, The motions of his spirit are as dull as night, Let no such man be trusted. If these lines be true, and those on the other hand who are lovers of music and are [unclear: rotaries] at her alter are the reverse, a circumspective observer might think that there were never an honester set of boys on earth than these Erskine boys; not only honest in their dealings with mankind, but as honest and industrious fiddlers as you'll find any where. The poet might imagine, that Old Orpheus, or a shade rather in wandering from Phitoes regions had accidentally shed a musical spell over these classic hills which our young "music asters" have caught, or then some vagrant disciple of spells in wondering over the earth had here seated the mortally contagious mania musica. It is a wonder that these [unclear: oakes ] around here have not long since been so charmed as to bow their majestic heads to congratulate the youthful musicians.