 Your very kind and interesting letter was received several days ago, the perusal of which gave me much pleasure I assure you. I had began to think you had forgotten me, or perhaps something else had turned up to cause the delay. Well I have no news of importance to write you this morning. Every thing is going on quietly, & in the same old way. The weather has been very cold for several weeks. Snowing, freezing & raining, about every other day; the weather & roads together has been the cause of our remaining so quietly for the past month the roads are in such a condition at present that it would be impossible for an army to move. Hope they may continue so for some time to come, so that some of our boys may get home on furlough. They are granting to two in each company at present. Col Williams & Major Newton starts for home this morning on a twenty days furlough. Hope they may have a good time. I dont expect to be able to get home any more 'till the war closes if then. There is no officer with the Comp. except myself & of course they wont let me leave. I am getting mighty tired of my position, I assure you. Their have been no promotions as yet, since the resignation of Capt M Kenny. You wished to know how Capt Strickler was getting along. Well, I presume; as I have not heard anything to the contrary. You can tell his [unclear: Buck ] that he was well the last time I saw him & is getting as fat as a  [unclear: Squire] . I hear Miss Jennie is having lots of [unclear: beaux] since she went to Newport. Am affraid Cousin Jimmi will be like the handwriting on the wall. "weighed in the balance & found wanting." Suppose you had a nice time while you were in the [unclear: Berry] neighborhood, wish I could have been with you, know I would have had lots of fun & plenty good things to eat. I heard Sugar had been to see you. Said he intended to make one more desperate effort to obtain the "heavenly prize", & if he failed, he intended to give up the chase. Please tell us the result in your next. I red a letter from Tom a day or two ago, says he has fine times up there except he is most of the time at the Old Store. Cant find out which one he is after. Well I hope he may be more successful than in times past. You said you intended to send me a New Years Gift - if it was nothing but a "black eyed pea". I dont want any thing of that kind, got plenty of them, must send one something better than that. I wont send you any more kisses as you made so much fun of the [unclear: ones] I did send. Hope you will excuse my uninteresting letter. You did not request me to answer in your last but I presumed you forgot it.