Your thrice welcome letter is to hand, &; believe me, it was read with an unusual degree of interest, it being the first I have received since my departure. You have no idea how anxiously &; how attentively I listened to each mail as it was called over from day to day, to see if any letter had come for me, but untill today was doomed to disappointment.You said in your letter you "had well nigh come to the conclusion that I had forogtten any promise. Now I don't think you ought to entertain such a thought for one moment. I have always endeavored to fulfill all my promises as far as possible, particularly in your case. I wrote you immediately after my "skedadling" from Yankeedom. I wrote you aldo from Banksville after our army fell back to Martinsburg & also on the march from the valley to this place, making in all three letters since I left, & yet you think I have forgotten my promise? But enough of that for the present. I have no news of importance to write you at present - everything is quiet at this time. Longstreet & Hill are camped near Culpepper. it was reported in camp yesterday that they were falling back in the direction of this place. there was a big cavalry fight at Culpepper last saturday between three brigades of the yankees & one of ours. The yankees also had some infantry. Our men fell back slowly about four miles untill some of our infantry went up to their assistance our men then drove them back. Our loss was about one hundred, that of the enemy much greater. Our camp for the present is about 2 miles from Orange  & within one mile of Montpelier the birth place  of James Madison. I have not paid the place a visit as yet, oweing to the fact that I have been quite unwell since our arrival at this camp, however I am happy to say that I feel much better this evening. Frank [unclear: McCutchan] has been in guard there for several days, keeping the soldiers from destroying things around the house. There is an old fellow by the name of [unclear: Carson] living there I think probably I can "ring in on that ticket." Our "fancy officers" had quite a nice time the other night there; had a big Ball, plenty of women & other luxuries to numerous to mention. Was very sorry my rank would not [unclear: provence] for me a bid, but guess it was best for me as it was. You requested me to give you all the information I could in regard to John Meck All I can learn is that he was left at our hospital in Gettysburg under the care of Dr Sayers of our Brigade. Gade Plunket was left as a nurse - his company say he was doing well when they left him - I deepy sympathize with the family.Well I presume you are getting tired of this uninteresting letter, so I will close for the present, trusting that you will look over all mistakes, and especially bad writing, as I am very much out of fit.