As I am here doing nothing, & can't get to the army, I will employ a few moments this evening in writing to you. I will give you a brief history of my trip to this place. I left Staunton on Tuesday morning after I left home in Company with Lieut. Wilson & several other soldiers for Winchester. We had quite an interesting trip, had the company of two very nice ladies, one of them however I am sorry to say was a married lady. We arrived at Winchester on the next evening hired a four horse coach for Martinsburg where we arrived Thursday evening, from this point we had to take it a foot. On Firday morning Lt. Wilson & myself in company with Capt Wharton of the 55th Va set sail for the Army, crossing the Potomack at Williams Port, we went two miles into Maryland & stayed all night with a nice old fellow, good  [unclear: cecist]  too by the way.- Saturday morning we started on expecting to get as far as [unclear: Green] Castle Pensylvania, but we had not proceeded very far on our way before we heard that the Yankies had made a raid into the town, however we proceed on our way thinking we might be able to get through without much difficulty. We stopped on the road side to rest & were laying down napping, when all at once we were startles by the noise of some cavalry riding down the road at full speed hollorring the Yankies are coming! I tell you we got up & left there in double quick time. We fell back a short distance and made a stand but the Yankies did not come on. Thinking that "prudence was the better part of valor" we came back to this place, there being no chance of get through. We will remain here untill the way is open to the army before we try it again. We have had another big fight at Getty'sburg Penn. Our loss is very heavy indeed, lost a great many officers.- none of our commanding Genls were wounded that we have heard of. Genl Ewel was shot throu his wooden leg, also had his horse shot from under him. Our Brigade suffered severely. Our Company I am told lost a great many wounded & one killed, but cant find out any of the particulars - but one or two of the wounded from our Regt. has gotten up yet. The enemy's [unclear: loss] is said to be very heavy indeed. They lost two Major Genls, several Brigadiers, & a good many Col's. We captured about 13,000 prisoners & there has been a rumor here to day that Genl Lee had whipped the enemy badly on yesterday & that he had taken 40,000 prisoners this however needs confirmation. I must bring this to a close for the present. The news we get is so conflicting that it is hardly to be relied on Consequently I wont give you any more I hope by the next time I write you I can give you all the particulars.