I have just returned from witnessing the execution of ten North Carolinans belonging to the 2nd Bridgage of our Division. They were shot for desertion, or rather for killing the officer who was arresting them. The [unclear: affray] took place near Scottsville Albemarle County Virginia. I tell you it was a solemn scene to witness. Each one of the men were tied to seperate stakes placed about 10 paces apart in a large field. Out entire division was then formed in two ranks around the field; [unclear: there] were so many men detailed out of the different Companies to shoot them & they were divided into 10 squads, with a reserve to each. After everything was ready the command fire was given All firing at the same time: the shots did not all take effect. Consequently the reserve had to be called in, this looked still harder, to see them shot at the second time when they were in the agonies of death! but such was their lot. I trust they were prepared, and are now uniting their songs of praise with the Angels of God around his throne on high. I must close for the present as it is now getting so dark I can scarcely see. Good night. Good night. How are you this morning? Well I hope! I will add a few lines, although I am sorry to say that I have no news worth relating. The most news and the most we have now is, that we are going to Tenessee. It is said one division of our Corps has already gone. I trust however we will not go: would rather not. Every thing remains quiet on the Rappahannock up to this time. Some little canonading has been heard in the direction of Fredricksburg during the past week. Charleston still continues to hold out & the greatest confidence prevails among the men & the people of that place. Last Saturday week there was a picnic given by the Commissary [unclear: &] Quartermasters & of our division as a testimonial of their regard to Genl Johnson. All our Genls with the exception of Lee was present together with more than 100 ladies from the surrounding [unclear: Country]. They danced from early in the morning till sundown. every one seemed to enjoy themselves very much some one way & some another, strange to say I did not speak to a lady on the occasion but was merely an idle spectator. had the crowd been graced with your presence, I then could have enjoyed myself. But I must close.