 I have just returned from preaching & having ate a hearty dinner, will now devote a few moments in writing to you. I arrived at camp last evening about dusk (nearly exhausted, having walked from Orange C.H. a distance of 7 miles over the worst road you ever saw in your life) - found all the boys well & doing well. I will now give you a brief history of my trip. I left home on Monday evening went by the way of Midway Dr. B's being along, from thence to Uncle Billie's where we stayed all night. Tuesday morning I [unclear: put] off for town & had every thing in readiness to leave the next morning. Stayed all night with Mr Marquis, had quite a nice time with refugee lady from Alexandria. Wednesday morning I was at the cars by times, but could not get my baggage on, consequently I had to lay over untill Thurday. I put in the time as best I could during the day stayed all night again with Marquis. Thursday morning I got up to the [unclear: depot] just in time to be too late, so there I was, my hopes gone on & me left, I then ascertained there would be a freight down. So after breakfast I jumped aboard the freight train and put off. I had not gone far however untill I missed my sword. I had put it away after the first train had left supposing I would not get off that day, & then came off & left it. I telegraphed from Waynesboro to Henry Rop who brought it down the next day. Thursday evening we arrived at Gordonsville. I found my boxes in the Depot. Friday evening we left for Orange C.H. I found several of the boys there but no conveyances, so I had to lay over untill Saturday. I must say that I never spent such a night as the one I spent in Orange, considering that I was at the Hotell, at least they had a sign out. But I shall not attempt a description now - several of the boys in the Regiment have gotten furloughs & gone home to marry - so I presume there will be no difficulty about getting a special furlough if the Army remains quiet. This can be ascertained hereafter, so I will say nothing more at present. Buck & Frank send their love to you - excuse haste bad writing  & believe me to be as ever yours