I hope my daughter sent you, according to my request, a copy of my sketch my butler Jo, which appears in the Val. Jour. of the 9th. It swarms with very great typograhpical errors -- many of which you must have observed. The greatest of them in connects in changing foibles or the not horrible word follies in the sentence; "Undoubtably he had his foibles & his faults" &. I have requested Sandy to correct that in his paper, & and that alone out of a hundred, some of which pervert my meaning. I have sent a clean copy to the Rich. Whig, with several additional paragraphs, & and a number of smaller additions & some vital changes throughout the piece. If it appears in the Whig, I would thank you to read it there (if you can) & then give me your candid opinion of it as a delineation of Jo's character. I think it paints the man to the life. If the coloring is rather warm, I agree with Macaulay that the best portraits have something of caricature -- making up in [unclear: impessureness] what they want in fidelity. Is any trait omitted? Is any thing awry? Please run your pen through any [unclear: usage] & word you think ought to be struck out, & write me any additions. I want to make the thing as perfect as possible. I intend of course to send copies to our friends in California, & if they approve it, to submit the piece for De Bow's Review (De Bow having requested me to write for it.) I would like to have Aunt Martha's opinion, having the highest respect for her literary taste. Present her with my kind regards. I am sorry I did not retain the sketch to retouch at my leisure. I wrote it in two days currente calarro, & I hurried off to Garter. I had just recd a letter from Cornelia giving me the particulars of Jo's last illness, & enclosing a copy of the proceedings of the San Francisco bank &c. She returned from Europe last spring. Her health is delicate but she thinks improving. I have incorporated in my sketch nearly all the information she gave me. I do not know what the surgical operation was, but I guess it was for the piles -- an hereditary disease in our family -- I mean my father's. Pa is quite well for a man of 76. By the way, permit me to introduce to you Briscoe G. Baldwin the 3d, a fine boy of mine, just a year old. Please introduce him also to your family & to Aunt Martha. I have only two children by my present wife -- both boys -- the oldest Charles Cornelius Cyrus -- 7 1/2 years old. I hope to be in Staunton in a few weeks. Favor me with an early answer.