 I received my clothes yesterday evening by John but didn't have time to write so I thought I would write today. I have gotten nearly well of my cold. I was very much surprised to hear of Miss Tassie Houston's death, as I had not heard of her sickness. Becca had a letter from home this morning, which said they were all better but Miss Jane. It certainly must be a dreadful kind of fever. Miss Bettie Loyle, Miss Agnes' neice died about two weeks ago. Grandma & Miss Agnes were very much distressed about it. Mattie Tate came here yesterday as a boarder. Mriss Haddell is going to Richmond to enter into business. I think she feels right sorry. We have had a new boarder since you were here. Miss McGarrek, from Pulaski. Becca wrote to her cousin M rs  Dunlap to send for her Friday evening. Miss Mary told her she had better write. Her father was down to see her Sat. I tell you she was glad. We all went to the Episcopal church last Sunday night. M[unclear: r. Jenkin] will preach on Friday night & Saturday. We walked out to Capt Byers last Saturday morning met M r  Leckey there. Mary Dudley stayed all day. [unclear: Suslie] Stephenson & I wouldn't stay but we had mighty work to get off from Mattie. I believe M r  McGauly is to be one of M r  East's waiters. wonder who he will wait with. It sounds funny to say were going home week after next. it seems like Christmas oughtn't to be here yet. I reckon its because we haven't had any cold weather. Think Ean Fulton did have a rainy day sure enough for wedding. why in the world didn't they both get married the same day. just two troubles & expenses. Tell [unclear: Niza] she musn't laugh when she gets married. I wish I could go to some of their weddings. did you have much fun at Eme's wedding. How is cousin Nancy Berry now? where will John & [unclear: Niza] live? &c. What did the  [unclear: thing]  look like that day? & how did the  [unclear: Jucen]  enjoy herself? I dont think the glove pattern is at home. I know I loaned it to Bettie Echard. & I dont think I could tell you how to trim the dress...I have seen some trimmed across the with three rows of velvet across the breast. then turned & go up to the seam on the shoulders. I dont know where I could get a pattern for the tails. perhaps M rs  Turk has the pattern like Lucy's, if you like them you can make them that way. I have not thanked D r  Spragins for my present yet. Miss Howard has given up having Geometry examination before Christmas as we would have too much too think of at once. We will have our examination on Heaven Tuesday before the Cantanta. I don't think braided bodies will do wear then, will send my white body home and have it done up before that time. I reckon that will do. I expect you will be right busy until after the wedding. I want to send this down to the office now so it will go up tomorrow. I will look for you Sat. a little, bet you wont come through.