I recd. your letter of the 12th only one day before I left for Charlotte to join my wife who accompanied her mother home about the 1st inst: on a visit to her family, and to attend to some matters she had left unfinished when we came away in June. This accounts for my delay in replying to it. Mary took Frank with her to Charlotte & I carried Jennie & Russie along. We have left Russie at Mulberry Hill, where she will remain till next Summer. Mrs. McPhail begged me so hard to allow her to stay there and go to school with her own little daughter--Lily--of the same age, that I finally consented. They have a private tutor in the family, & I doubt not Russie will be more benefitted there than here. And it is better for Jennie--inasmuch as she will now be thrown upon Mary altogether for Society and will be greatly improved by it. As long as sheand Russie were constantly together, Jennie would retain her childish ways--and now she is so near grown, it is important for her to conform more to the ways and manners of grown people. Russie was delighted to stay--and I dont wonder at it. For, John, the family & the home at M. Hill are the most attractive to young, as well as old folks, that I ever knew. I wish you could go with me there on a visit one of these times. Your children are not more attached to their mother, than are mine to Mary. They almost smother her with kisses & caresses. Dr. Quarles is in town. He came in about a week ago to qualify at this term as Exc. of Ben Reid's will. Jimmy Wills, I presume informed you of the circumstances which prevented me from acting as his counsel in the case. I have been Dr. Quarle's counsel in all his matters since he left here, & felt bound to decline taking a fee against him. Michie & myself are his counsel. We were notified this morning by Baldwin that he would resist a motion to record the will.We have therefore determined to [unclear: proposed] it in the Circuit Court. I wish very much that the case could by consent be got ready and tried in November. We proposed that to Baldwin this morning and he said he would have to confer with Mrs. Wills and the Dr. before he could agree to it. Dr. Quarles will refuse the guardianship of little Reid. His legacy is $4000. with int: from Mr. R's death. I am satisfied that Dr Q. had no agency in interfering with Mr. Reed's plans in the disposition of his property. I have no idea that the will can be set aside. Baldwin and myself are at loggerheads about the Lawyer fee. I collected the judgt. & offered 10 days ago to pay him his third of the fee, but he claimed half and declined then to take the third, proposing to submit the question to Judge Thompson's decision. I declined the submission, on the ground that I dont intend even that far, to allow it to be implied that he has any claim to more than a third. I would as soon arbitrate the question whether he or I shouldbe entitled to the  of my house and lot--or my office. I dont know how it will end. I should be glad to hear from you, what you think of his proposition to refer it to the Judge to settle. I think the contract perfectly clear. [unclear: Sanger] has not been here himself. he sent an agent to receive and disburse his share of the damages. You ask me whether it is true that old Billy and Jeff Kinney are drinking hard. Such is the belief here. I dont believe that they or old Nick will live through another year. I like you, feel great pity for old Nick. He has always borne himself towards me as a gentleman, and I think he is a good hearted, and a good man. Jeff is if possible more vindictive than ever. He can hardly walk. His house in town is locked up. All the family have gone out to his farm to live. Old Arch is loafing around town. Ches. is broke, having given a deed of trust. By the way I never yet have got from the staff those little newspaper [unclear: debts vs] Ches.  has promised me the money but has not paid up yet. I have sent your [unclear: Exn. vs] Rice as directed to Louisa County. My Clerk's fees in that case amounting to several dollars, I endorsed, receipted to the [unclear: Pltts] some week's since asking them to remit me the amt: in stamps. I have not heard a word from them since, and think it strange that they have not replied. I did not deem worth while to trouble a Sheriff with them, and therefore accepted them & endorsed them to the parties owing me--Could they have failed to get them? I have paid your draft to [unclear: Haner]--The gross earnings of the Clerk's office from July 1st 58 to July 1st 59 were $5775.68 Deducting insolvents, Comms. for Collections and deputy Clk hire & printing, it leaves me net about $35. or $3600. a year. And I cannot see that my practice has fallen off much on account of my being Clerk. I hope in a few years to be pretty comfortable. I have brought 4 youngand handsome negroes over from Charlotte, and have the offer of any others we may wish. Mary & I dont think we will take but one more, possibly two at Christmas. This will save me a good deal in negro hire. I am truly gratified to hear of your continued good prospects, and hope your brightest anticipations may be fully realized. Why dont you come over here. I am sure no man ever left Staunton, who would be more cordially greeted on his return than you. Your old friends very very often speak most affectionately of you. You must come over to the Cir. Court. Bring Liz along, and come right to my house. We have room in our house & hearts for you and all your family. Mary has over and over again expressed an ardent wish to know you both.