I would have written to you on yesterday in reply to yours of the 7th, but I was laid up with one of my very worst spells of nervous sick headache--and did not leave my bed during the day. I have been, indeed we have all been, very greatly disappointed in not seeing you here before this time. I thought you certainly would have come over during this term of the circuit court, and the remark in your letter that you "may not come at all", disappoints us greatly. There is a very general, and earnest wish on the part of all your old friends of the Bar, and of the town generally to see you. I often hear the remark "I would rather see John Howard McCue just now than any body in the world". And since the Court commenced I have been asked by fifty persons I suppose whether you would be here, all prompted by the friendly motive of wishing to see you for the sake of "[unclear: auld lang syne]". I do hope that you have got through your depositions in the Rice & Coleman cases, & that you can come this week. We have just commenced the Civil docket. Only two cases have been tried thus far. So you will still be in time for most of the Court business of interest, if you come this week. Until you mentioned the fact in your letter I did not know that there were such suits as you speak of between Dr. Rice & Coleman. What did they originate in? and when? I have only casually made an inquiry or two in respect to the cause of Dr. Rice leaving here, and have not been able to learn anything. I have no doubt that all the facts could be got from Wm H. Peyton, but it would only be confidentially, and you could not use such information. If I can aid you in any way, of course you may rely upon my doing so. I have not had time to look into the law questions you submit whether in libel the 12 mos. statues of limitation applies, and from what time. I will try and examine it this week, and get Baldwin & Doyle to do so, and let you know the result. I have a decided "horse back" opinion, but that you dont want. I think the 12 mos statue certainly ap-plicable, & the only question is when does it begin to run? In the case you put, I think clearly at the date when the authorship of the libel was ascertained, & not from the date of the libel itself. If not so the false or antedating of a libel would always screen the author or publisher. The right of action can only accrue when the author & publication become known, and from that date the Stat. of Lim. runs. I have no doubt that I can find ample authority on the question in some of the large libraries here. Dr Quarles has gone to Missouri. He qualified as Curator before he left. He will not accede to the terms you propose, I am satisfied, for it would all come out of his own pocket, as Sarah Reed is a minor. If Dr. Quarle's own sense of right had been properly appealed to I dont doubt his liberal disposition to have done more for little Reed than the will provides for. But until there is an end of litigation there is no use in making propositions. He intends now to shew, not only that Mr. Reed was of perfectly sound mind, but that he was uninfluenced in any way by him (Dr Q.) in what he did. And I am perfectly satisfied that the Dr. had no more, thanyou or I, to do with the making of that will. The only points upon which I have advised him are the legal questions involved in the pending controversy, and voluntarily I advised him to decline the guardianship of little Reed, which he told me he never dreamed of accepting. I deeply regret this controversy for & on account of the effect it may have on the relations of Drs. Quarles & Wills. If the latter understood the whole matter as I do, he would not reflect on Dr. Quarles for what he doubtless regards as the great injustice done to his child. Dr Quarles is not responsible for what was done, nor is it in his power to undo it. It was his purpose, as I do know, before this controversy arose to have been very liberal out of his own individual means towards little Reed. How far that purpose has been changed by existing circumstances, I am not able to say. The issue was made up on yesterday in the case. It would have been, and is now very desirable to us, to have the case tried at this term, if that can be done by consent. If not, I wish to take, as soon as the Court rises, the deposition  [unclear: de bent epee]  of John A. Harman & Wm J. Nelson, the subscribing witnesses to the will, and promised Dr Quarles before he left that I would do so. Major Kinney has been appointed guardian  [unclear: ad litern]  of little Reed, in making up the issue. Can we try the case at this term or not? I would be glad if it could be done. Your old friend Adam Bickle, Bob's father was buried to day. He died Friday morning very suddenly. He was buried with military honors, and an immense concourse of people today. Nick C. Kinney will not live more than a few days. He was thought to be dying on Friday evening, but rallied again. He has two immense tumours on his neck. They are [unclear: running] inside, and are doubtless cancerous, & will carry him off very rapidly. From all accounts, he will scarcely be able to live the week out. Poor old Nick! I feel sorry for him. He is by far the best man of the name. Jeff & old Billy will not be long in following him. John Ches. a son of old Billy died a short time ago of delirium tremers. They are all gone now except Charley Nick. Staunton is pleasant now. The usual winter evening entertainments over a bowl of oysters and a few friends have commenced. Week before last my father in law was here, & was invited out to several dinings & suppers.By the way the old gentleman is disposed to do the liberal with me. He has given us 5 negroes, and the offer of as many more as we may be disposed to have. And one day whilst here we drove down the [unclear: McAdamized] road a few miles. Mary called his attention to the Major Poage place, as one that I had said I would like to retire upon. He looked at it as we drove down & returned, & then said to me, if I wished it now, & would make the purchase he would enable me to meet the payments. I thanked him & told him, I did not wish to own a farm at present, nor until I was ready to quit business. He has told Mary of his wish & purpose to portion her off as soon as possible. His expenditures last year were very heavy-- over $10,000--& have left him short of ready money, till he gets this years crop to market, to do what he wishes. All this of course is between ourselves strictly. May writes in love to all of you, and had over & over a hundred times expressed the hope of seeing you and Coz. Liz in hour house this fall. Why cant you come this week.