My apology for delaying an answer so long to your letter in the old place of business. I have never been more engaged in my life than Since my return from Ky. I read your letter with interest. We are not really so far apart as you suppose. I understand that you are a "Union man"--So am I--You would resist Republicanism--so would I--We neither think Va ought to secede--or rather revolt just now. You think S. Carolina ought to go out now, I think not--and here is the only point of difference between us, so far as I can see. That the entire South will speedily have to leave the Confederacy under the present Constitution I entertain no doubt whatever, but I dont think S. C. has put the issue upon a defensible ground--the mere election of a President under the Forms of law &c Hence you have a divided South. My idea is this--regard Lincoln's election as another step towards that sectional domination to which we never will submit if it be attained, and so regarding it, let us go to work to prepare for resistance when actual cause arises. Then you would be prepared for any contingency. Then you would have a united South. Butto break up the Government for the mere loss of an election is not regarded by thousands as justifiable. It is regarded as a mere pretext on the part of disunionists per se to precipitate a revolution. You can't make the great mass of the people-- especially the non slaveholder's understand the political philosophy of our government, and the nice principles on which the Secessionists are now attempting to act. And there is great danger of creating a party with sympathies for the incoming administration, here in our midst. The non slaveholder will fight for his section as long as the slaveholder if you can convince him that his political rights are really threatened, as a citizen. But he is not willing to leave his family & offer his life in a struggle which he believes is a mere contest between politicians for the spoils of office--and while he believes that the successful party ought to have the opportunity to develop its policy. Therefore I am opposed to immediate action. I am for preparation now--defence when the equality of my State is actually denied. If I had my way now, I would fight the Republicans thus--I would say to Lincoln "You have been elected by the vote of only aboutonethird of the people of the U. States. Your party is revolutionary in its organization, tendencies & aims. No man of your party ought to fill any national office if it can be prevented. We--the conservative 2/3rds of the American people still control the Senate & H. of Reps. of the U. States. We will use our power in those bodies to protect ourselves. We understand your party aims at the subjugation of 15 States & you as their head are expected to further their objects. We therefore declare war upon you & your party as you have declared war upon us. You shall have no tools of yours in office to aid you in your unholy work. The Senate must confirm all your appointments to office before they are valid. Now Sir! no man of your party is fit for any office, because his political opinions are destructive of American liberty. The Senate therefore will refuse--as they ought to do, being the reps. of the Sovereignty of the States which you seek to assail--to confirm to office any man who votes for you. We offer you the range of all other parties from which to select your Cabinet, your ministers, Post Masters, Collectors, Attorneys, Judges &c and we will confirm no others." If this ground was firmly taken & maintained, Lincoln would beutterly powerless. It would soon be understood that not he, but the Senate was the real appointive power, and then no man need hesitate about taking office under his administration for he would hold it, not from Lincoln but from the Senate. The President would have a Cabinet to watch him & control him. It may be said such a course would be revolutionary--perhaps it would--but it would be under & within the Constitution. And I would go further if he refused to submit to this control. I would defeat all appropriations of money for all purposes whatever & thus dissolve the government into its original elements. This would disband the army, destroy the navy, break up the P. Office & Judiciary, and leave each State as it was before the Constitution was adopted, Sovereign & free. All this I would do & do speedily, rather than leave this government in existence & organized to do us all the harm in their power in the event of our revolt now. Hence I think S.C. &c [unclear: mony] to go off now till these various modes of resistance have been tried. These are mere hints on the various points mentioned. I have not time to amplify them. But I fear revolution is upon us. I expect Civil War before the 1st of June.I am ready for it, if it comes but it will be awful in its consequences to the whole country. I shall be ruined by it. Instead of leaving my children as I had hoped well provided for they will be left, as I began life, poor, with the wide world before them. But while I cant help looking at such consequences, I would face them all, loose all, even life before I would submit to be less than the political equal of any man who treads American soil. I am afraid the die is cast, and that no power on earth can avert the impending ruin of anarchy & bloodshed. But I forbear dwelling longer on this theme. If I can get the time, I will one of these nights write you my views in full. I have been to Ky. and am now engaged in operations there that would make me a fortune in three or four years, but for the political dangers ahead. Mr. McPhail has given me 750 acres of as fine land as the Sun of Heaven even shone upon, lying about 40 miles above the mouth of the Cumberland, with a river front of over a mile. It is the finest timbered land I ever saw. There is $100,000 worth of lumber on it, for staves, ship & Steamboat building &c I ascertained while there, that nearly all the finetimber on the Mississippi and all its tributaries has been cut. There is therefore an immense demand for it. The business of getting out staves for France, for wine pipes & butts, is enormous. There are two houses in N.Orleans engaged in the purchase of these staves, employing a capital of half a million a year. They pay for white oak staves 60 inches long 4 inches wide & 1 thick, simply split out & not shaved or dressed $75 per 1000. in N. Orleans or 70$ at any steamboat landing above within six or eight hundred miles. I have thousands of trees on my land that will make from 800 to 1100 staves to the tree. I have therefore gone largely into that business. Mr. Arnall is my agent & manager. He is now in Ky. at work with from 20 to 25 hands. I pay him $75 a month & expenses. I pay for labour $15. a month dry time & furnish provisions. The hands do their own cooking. Each man is bound to get out 200 staves a day--that is my contract with each. So that I am now getting out from 4000 to 5000. a day. I have an ox team, which I bought, hauling them to the river bank, my own steamboat landing, where steamers pass almost hourly as fast as they are got out. By the 1st of April if the winter is not too hard I will have 320,000 ready for market. In the mean time Arnall, will have me six flat bottomed barges built, costing $130- each to take these staves to N. Orleans in April.Unless Civil War breaks out the Cargo will bring me from $22,000 to $24,000 in gold. Out of this I shall have to pay expenses--say $2500. for wages, $500. for provisions & $1000. for boats & hands to N. Orleans--leaving me $18,000 or $20,000 profit. Wages & other expenses I have to advance this winter & it will run me to the eyelashes to raise the money. If Mr. McPhail had his tobacco in market he would advance me $3000. in money, which sum he told me in Ky. he would still advance me to make up the amt he designs for May at present. But till he markets his tobacco, he will have no funds. It will take 20 hands 5 years to get off all the lumber from the land. In the Spring I will erect a first clap steam saw mill on the land to cut up the logs not fit for staves. I found in Louisville that I could get such a mill for $2050. It will cost about $1500 more to take it down the river & put it to work. It is then my desire to get out ship & steamboat lumber. There is a ship yard now at Paducah 58 miles below me where I can sell it all. But when I go out there in April, I may be able to induce the owners of this yard to put up a similar establishment on my own land. If so it will add immensely to its value. If I live I hope in 5 years to get 500 acres of river bottom cleared & set in grass. Thesebottoms bring 2 tons to the acre one year with another--and hay is a cash article on the bank of the river at $20 per ton. It is taken down to the large cotton & Sugar plantations in Miss. & Louisiana & sold also at Memphis Paducah N. Orleans &c. With my land cleared and in grass, I want no better fortune. And I think I can put it in that condition, all under plank fence, with good buildings &c in five years, and pocket in the meantime $10,000 a year from the lumber. Thanks to old Col Carrington who would never let a stick of timber be cut upon this land, & kept on a gent on it to protect it, it is now a fortune. Mr. McPhail has 1590 acres in an other tract 7 miles above mine, that he intends for Nannie & Jennie, unless, as he says my success this year tempts him to follow me in the lumber business--before the girls marry. Arnall will move his family out there next year, if he likes the business. We are all well. Mollie sends love to Coz Liz. We often speak of you & wish we could see you more frequently.