I would have written to you before now but I have been sick for two or three days. When I came home I fortunately met with your father, and talked over your affairs with him, and put at him to advance you $500. I did this for two reasons--first because I thought it was right--and secondly because I found it would be a difficult matter for me to spare the 500$ from the source I expected--or rather a doubtful matter for me to get it. Your father mentioned the stringency of money matters with him--and did not see [unclear: well here] he was to do it. I then proposed to advance $250 and that he should advance a like sum. He at once agreed to do this. The money to be sent you one day this week before I leave. We parted with that understanding. On yesterday I was down street a little while & met him again--He told me that after going home he thought over the matter--and as tight as money was withhim he had determined to lend you the whole amount himself--not as a Loan as I had proposed, but as an advancement--That that sum would do you more good now than would the amount hereafter--I told him I had no doubt of it and approved heartily what he proposed to do--So this matter is off your shoulders--I also named the Alec. Wills matter to him--but that is out of his power--and I cant see how that can be arranged--I wish it could for it would make you $600 very easily--But you will have to let it go unless you can strike some old fellow with money who will advance it and divide profits with you. I have been unwell more or less ever since I came home--and for the two last days confined to the house with the same complaint I had in --It got a great deal worse--On Friday I sent for Dr. Baldwin who has put me nearly all right again. I hope by tomorrow to be entirely well-- I found a letter here awaitingme on my return from [unclear: Mr. McPhail]. We leave for Kentucky on next Thursday--the 11th. If I can get my matters fixed up tomorrow I will go to [unclear: Charlotte] on Tuesday--If I fail in this I will not leave till Thursday morning and then meet Mr. McPhail in Lynchburg Thursday morning. All our folks are well--With love to Coz. Liz and the children, I am as ever