Your letter was received about a week ago & had I not feared you really had gone to "Harpers Ferry" a place I never intended you to go until I went with you. John be careful of your moustache, goatee imperial & whiskers if you do go. I could not bear for you to write me that one of old Abe's men had deprived you of a part of them. Putting all jesting aside John, I fear you will have to go. How much I dread it. I entertain the hope that we will only have a brush & all will be restored to peace & harmony again. What a state of affairs! Our quiet Union the envy of the old countries roken in pieces - First one corner & then another, scale by scale. Not by one unanimous & universal crack, as if done by men blindfolded, but inch by inch here a little & there a little with their eyes open to its awful effect. I am not a great hand on "politics" but  my "war" calls forth my every sentiment & [unclear: exerts] my every nerve. My beau (Mr. Hill) was to see me on yesterday & asked me what I thought of him going. I told him I would be sorry to see any of them going & particularly him, yet if he was needed in defense of his country, to go certainly, that if I was a "wife" I should say so, & would upon no account of mine have him stay. He gently laid his arm around me & did what a certain cousin of mine did, by the name of Berrie, when on his buggy the Sunday before I left home for Nelson, & said that you have the right spirit, & I love you. Right broad assertion I think, don't you. He told me to tell you that if you ventured a challenge you had better be cautious or you might get "suck in." Never mind, John I'll be your "second" & then he will be afraid to hurt you. I thank you much kindly for your papers, I feel like I am again in old Augusta when reading them. Do not disappoint me in coming over this summer for many of the girls are anxious to see you & I am as anxious to exhibit you. I'll kiss you for the "bouquet" of flowers when we meet. You are a good boy. How I envy    her chance in receiving an offer from you. I think your conversation with her on cousins marrying was right severe. I'll pay you when I see you for what you said about me "crushing" your prospects. You scamp you. I was a anxious to hear whose houses were burnt on Mt. Solon & could not  you told me. My school is very good. I have made $40 clear since I saw you. I do not know how much longer I will teach after July, perhaps until Oct. Can't tell until after the "war." John I am so much obliged to you for attending to my "note" for me. Hope to be able to remunerate some day. We expect to have a pic-nic some time this summer. Will you come over - John write soon if your letter is necessarily brief so I can hear where you are. The rains have played havoc with us on this side of the mountain too. The river is very full I came near being drowned once. The horse got swamped & I had to wade out. Came near "going with the tide." Lignora the lady with whom I board sends her love to you & says she believes that you & I are courting, if not engaged. Write soon to your cousin.