I wrote to Ma from the Ferry on Saturday & I will now write you a few lines. We got here yesterday from the Ferry, & am quartered in a large hall opposite the United States Hotel & am boarding at the Central & Union Hotels. We have a very good time but I dont know how long it will last. I send you by James Patrick a Minnie Musket a present to you from John Lipscomb. I will get the moulds when I go to the Ferry. We dont know how long we will stay here. Tell Ma I stopped in Shepherdstown yesterday & got my dinner at Grandma's. I saw all the folks they are all well. Grandpa came up here with me & got his supper at Mr Rawlins. I went over this morning to see Mr Rawlins & family. They are all well & very glad to see me. Mrs R sent her son up for me. They send their love to all of you. Mollie says Sallie must write to her. They say Clinton & Sallie must come down this summer. I am very well satisfied with camp life & think I can get along very well. Grandpa says you & Ma must come to see them this summer. I was introduced to Maj Robinson this morning he sends his respects to you. He seemed glad to hear you were improving. He invited me to his house for dinner. I intend going to Mr Rawlins tomorrow again. I want to see his tan yard. Our men behave very well. Any letters you write direct to Harpers Ferry care Capt James Patrick. There is a great many union men here & black Republicans but I think we can get along with them without any difficulty. My [unclear: horse] stands it very well. I attend to her myself. I could have gotten Alfred Plumb to attend to her for $5 per week but I concluded I had better save it as all the boys attend to theirs. Tell Ma I will take good care of myself & not keep any bad company. How are you getting along tanning. I saw Mr Kiblinger as I came up & also Mr Connoly in Shepherdstown. I will go down and stay half day or so at Shepherdstown if we stay here. Capt Patrick says he will write to you in a short time. The Pistol you sent him he did not need he was made a present of one when we got here. He loaned it to James McClung who is a member of our company he will take good care of it. Should you need it let me know & I will send it to you if I have a chance. As I have written an unusually long letter & have some business to attend to I will stop. Write soon give my love to all. I will write again in a few days. Tell them all to write me.