I am writing this letter in the Hospital. The house belonging to the states occupied by Ball Superintendent who has left. It is a beautiful place. I and John Lipscomb are staying here with Elliott Fishburne. He was shot in Martinsburg the day before yesterday by the accidental discharge of a pistol in one of the boys hands. It was one of the old revolvers or it would have killed him. He was sitting at a table when one of the boys came up & was snapping the pistol in 2 feet of his face & it went off. The ball entered his left cheek knocked out tow of his teeth & fractured his jawbone & struck his tongue. They dont know where the ball is. I think he swallowed it. At the time I was sitting on a bed in 10 feet of him and was the 1st to get there. I washed his face & by that time the Doctor came. He was taken to the Ferry on the train. He can walk very well. I do not consider the wound mortal. I & John will take good care of him. Capt Patrick has written to this folks & I suppose he will hear of it before you get this. I am very sorry the accident happened but perhaps it was all for the best. I am getting on very well & am satisfied. We have a good house to sleep in & are getting along as well as could be expected. I wrote to Pa about our trip through Shepherdstown to Martinsburg on last Sunday & stopped at Grandpa's got my dinner saw all the folks. They are well & were very glad to see me. They all look as well as ever to me. Grandpa got his horse & rode to Martinsburg with me & got his supper at Mr. Rawlings. They say you must come down this summer to see them & bring Ginny. I went to see Mrs Rawlings family. They are all well. Mr R brought us 4 large rolls nice baker to use in quarters. I saw him before I left. He sends his respect to you & Pa. Ma please send me a large box of provisions. You can send it down the Valley. We get plenty to eat but I notice a good many of the boys getting boxes from home with hams butter apples & some of the nicest apple butter I ever ate. They all share with me. I should like to return the favor. I think I shall fatten up some & heal this summer. Tell Sallie I got hers & little brother Hughs letters and that I will write to them today or sometime. I went down & took dinner with Ed Waddell today. He is looking very well but has a right sore foot. There is 15000 soldiers here. At night I can look out of my window & can see the camp fires all over the hills. There is about 250 tents besides the houses are all very near full of soldiers. There is 3500 Mississippi troops here about 2000 Alabamers 600 Kentuckians. They have 40 or 50 cannon here & more are coming today. They have a large 32 pounder station above the Powder Magazine which commands the Railroad. It will shoot 5 miles. You know where it is. I saw John Hill & Claire Evans. They are both well. Tell Mr. Evans George is not here. Tell Pa John Lipscomb sent him a gun by James Patrick & some cartridges by William M Bush. I forgot to tell you that the 1st night I got here we were ordered under arms at two oclock but by the time we were ready we got orders to go to bed. I dont think there will be any fighting here. When we were in Martinsburg I took some dispatches down to Col Allen's Camp who is encamped in the woods 13 1/2 miles of the Potomac River. The next morning I went down to the River to wash my face & I could see Williamsport very plain. There is a lot of Maryland soldiers come on & joined our Army. How are you all getting on. How is Clinton pleased with clerking. I will write Hugh a letter on the other side. Write soon give my love to all. I was vaccinated the other day & it has begun to make my arm sore. I will go to Shepherdstown as soon as I can & stay a day. If you send me anything direct it care of Capt Patrick Valley Rangers. How are you getting on with your garden. Ma send me some ham pickles biscuit pies & you know what to send. I will stop as I have written you a very long letter. Tell Pa the cartridges must be torn off at the end & the paper taken off the ball it will fit loose but will spread when shot from the gun. Give my love to all. Write soon. Tell Charles I will write to him in a few days. I am taking good care of myself. Kiss Hugh Ginny & Betty for me.