I rec'd both of your letters & thought I would answer them in one as I have not a great deal of time to write. I am well and very much pleased with military life. It is very hard at first but a person can soon get used to it. We have the best drilled company of cavalry here. There is 3 companies here. Capt Whites Co from Lexington they go to Berkely County opposite Williamsport tomorrow & the Shepherdstown Co got here yesterday evening. I have not seen any of the men yet. We get plenty of good bread coffee & beef to eat besides butter molasses & apple butter. I wish you were both here to see the soldiers. There is a great many here. Tell Sister Sallie I will write to her soon. I suppose you are getting along very well tanning butchering & if you attend to it well you can make some money. I think you can make enough to bring you both down here this summer. If nothing happens I will be up to see you all some time in August as my 3 months will be up then. I was mustered in from May 2nd for 12 months and at the end of 3 months you are allowed 20 days furlough. I wrote to Pa about that affair of P Hanger Jr. If you could buy some small cattle next month for 12 or 15 dollars and sell altogether for cash you can make some money. Mr Slough can buy them. Give my respects to him. Tell him I like soldiering very much. I got me a splendid sharpes rifle the other day for $30. It is better one than either of those Antrim & King. But did Mr Bush give you the cartridges I sent you by him. Be very careful with the gun for if ever it goes off accidentally & hits it is bound to kill you. I heard from Elly yesterday he is improving very fast is walking about & will soon be well. Mr. Killian saw him in Winchester & told me. The other Sunday when I was in Shepherdstown I went over to the old well and got a drink of the best water I have had since I have been here. I think it was better than the water in our spring. We have an old banjo & virginia gives us some good music every night. Clinton you & Charles keep a good look out about the stable & everywhere, be good boys & mind Ma do everything she tells you without any fuss. Give my love to all & write soon.