I rec'd your letters on Monday & Tuesday the last by Mr Hanger. I am very glad to hear that you are all well. I am very well myself I think soldiering agrees with me. I am behaving myself & keeping good company as I promised you. I am very much oblige to you for the box of provisions. I just got them this evening. I got the clothes. I think they will suit very well. The pants are not very fine but are the kind for service. I just gave Ed Waddell his package & helped him to eat a piece of the wedding cake it was very nice. I forgot to give Grandma the present I told you I intended giving her when I was there but will send it to her in a few days. Tell Pa I did not take as much money with as he thought as I pd $35 for my pistol before I left home and $30 for my rifle the other day besides paying mine & Clinton's fare. When I need any money I will have to call on Pa or you but I intend spending very little as I know it is hard to get & intend to be as saving as possible. Clem Fishburn came here today I saw him. He says Elliott will be well in a few days to attend to his duties. I think though that he will try & get him a furlough for a few days to go home & see his parents. I gave Oliver Evans his shoes. I dont know whether mine have come or not. I expect to go out on Picket tomorrow and then I will write Sallie a long letter. I am in the Guard Room writing. All of the boys have gone to bed. I was down at Col Harman's night before last. He was very glad to see me & invited me to call again said he was very glad to hear Pa was getting well & told me to give him his respects when I wrote. Rev'd Mr Killian is here he came up to see us yesterday. Mr. Hill looks better than I ever saw him. I dont know that I will need the flannel bands you sent me as I intend wearing flannel shirts all summer. Tell Mrs Sam Withrow that little Finley got his clothes but could not find any name on them. I have a very good time here much better than I expected. Ma you must excuse the bad writing as I have a very bad light & pen. I saw Morgan [unclear: Estes] here yesterday. Well as I am getting sleepy I will stop. I will write to you by Dorsey Hanger & try & write you a longer & better written letter than this. Give my love to all kiss Bettie Hugh & little Ginnie. Tell Clinton & Chas to be good boys. Write soon. Give my respect to Mr Slough & Evans. Tell Ned Jane & Harry I am much obliged to them for the cakes.