I rec'd your letter of 12th & Clintons of 17th. I answered Clintons on 19th. Any letters you write direct to Winchester care Quarter Master Ambler Capt Patricks Company. I am very well & all the boys are well we have no sick in the company. I got the papers you sent. Dr King got here last night he is going to join our company. Our tents got here yesterday. We were very glad to get them & went to work & put them up. They will do very well. We have one for our mass. We are moving about everywhere almost. The Federal troops to the no. of 10000 crossed the river at Williamsport the other day and encamped about 3 or 4 miles from the river. They thought that we had no troops near. They went about plundering houses stealing chickens & they stole silver spoons & broke open drawers & took all the clothes they could find. They are a very mean cowardly set. The day before yesterday there was ten of our cavalry out on a scout & they come across the advance guard of the enemy that same evening. All of the Federal Army broke up camp & retreated across the river to Williamsport where they are now encamped. I saw the camp yesterday. I don't think they will cross soon again. Lieut Dr Tanner with a few men went down near Williamsport day before yesterday & caught 2 of the officers. They were very good looking. One was a Lieut Col in the Federal Army. I dont know what the other was. They were sent on to Winchester. They said they wanted to have it said that they were in Virginia. They had no Arms with them but had two very good horses. They said in Winchester that they had no idea the Virginians were such clever people. I have not got the Havelocks they are in Winchester. I will send for them. I got me a lead coloured slouched hat in Martinsburg. There is a great many of them worn by the soldiers. About the red shirt I sent it to Winchester in a box with some extra clothing I did not need. I never intend to wear a red shirt. I dont think there is one worn in our company. About getting our clothes washed we get them washed wherever we stop. It cost 6 cent a piece for shirts drawers & 3 cent for collars. I wish Mrs Riddle was hear. She could make a great deal of money washing for the soldiers. I do not need any soap. I have not used half that you put in my trunk yet. I saw both the Brooks boys the other day in Winchester. I dont need any comfort or pillows. We use saddle bags for pillows. We put our blankets together and make a very good bed. The boys had to send all their extra baggage to Winchester. I kept all my clothes except 1 pr pants my uniform hat & the red shirt. Ma I wish you would have me a pr of thin grey pants & a grey jacket made like the pants. Make the jacket to fit me & put 2 pockets in front of it. Trim the collar cuffs and pockets with black braid or velvet. Be sure and have it to fit & not too long in the sleeves. Make it the same size of the blue shirt I used to wear have made to fit like a coat body. You know though how to make them. Please send it down by someone. You might get David to make them. The coarse pants you sent me were most too heavy & the shirt was too large. I don't like it much. It don't look very decent and as I expect to be an officer I want to go tolerably decent. We all get plenty to eat. Dr Kennedy & Dr Walker came here yesterday. I will send this letter by Dr Walker. I was down near Williamsport yesterday & could hear the band playing on the other side of the river it was splendid music. They say most of the soldiers in the Yankee army are Dutch and Irish. Tell Pa he can send any commissions by Capt Patrick. The troops have all left Harpers Ferry. I heard that they burnt all the Government Buildings & that there was a company of men sent down from Winchester yesterday to burn the whole town. They say the people hoisted a United States Flag as soon as the troops left. Our companies burnt the bridge at Martinsburg the other night it was a Rail Road Bridge. Gen Johnston had 40 Rail Road engines & a lot of passenger cars. The Depot & all the Rail Road buildings burnt yesterday in Martinsburg. It look like a pity to burn so much valuable property. There is a great many troops in Winchester & Martinsburg. We heard the Augusta Regt Col Harper would be there today. I suppose I will see John Lipscomb & Ned Waddell. Tell Pa Elliott Fishburne got the pistol of John Lipscomb. I saw Mrs Dunn in Martinsburg the other day. I am taking very good care of myself. Ma let Alfred Plumbs wife have four dollars in groceries or whatever she wants as I owed him for attending to my horse. He will write to here about it. I owed him $5.50 & he owed me $1.50 which leaves $4.00 due him. Well I believe I will stop. Give my love to all. Write soon. Tell Pa I will write him in a few days. God Bless you all.