We had a Large Battle here yesterday, about 40 miles from here. It lasted near 11 hours. Our loss is estimated at 5000 killed & wounded. We had some taken prisoners. The enemy loss is put at 18,000. I don't know how true these estimates are. We have taken at least 600 prisoners & 36 pieces of artillery, (among which are a great ) Cannon & 1 Dahlgreen Gun. I was out on the Battle Field with Gen's Beauregard & Johnson. The cannon balls and shell fell very close to me, but through Providence I was not hurt. Gen B had his horse killed under him. Gen. Jackson's Brigade suffered very much. Two of the West Augusta Guard were killed and Wm Barkins of the Augusta Rifles was killed. Both companies had a few wounded. Ed Waddell, Chas [unclear: Averall] & Esten Richardson were not injured and neither was Andrew Brooks or  Massie. After the battle I rode over the field. I never saw such a horrible sight in my life. The ground was covered with dead Yankees and we had a great many killed and wounded. They are hauling their wounded by carloads to Culpeper Court House up the road, some to Charlottesville. The enemy had the advantage both in numbers and position, having at least 60,000 & were posted on hills, while our force was not over from 30,000 to 35,000 & our men had to charge in some places up hill. Capt. Pendeton's Artillery done good work and did not lose a man. We killed all the horses at some of their Guns. I got a very good Dragoon Saddle off one of the horses. It is a little large for me, but perhaps I can trade with some one for a smaller one. I never heard such musketry in my life. They say Gen. Scott was on the field & that some of our men got his sword and epaulets with his name on them and I heard that we had taken Gen. Patterson prisoner, but I hear so many reports that I cannot place much reliance in what I do hear. We are concentrating our forces at Bull's Run & there is some talk of advancing on Washington. We ran their forces for miles down towards Alexandria. Their troops fought well & they cut our men up with cannister & small shot. I will write again soon if I am spared. Give my love to all. Capt. Patrick's company was not here. I don't know where it is. We have at least 2,500 Cavalry. They made a charge yesterday and took a good many pieces cannon last night. I wrote to Ma for some provisions the day before yesterday. Direct your letters to me, of Gen. Johnson's Escort. If you should send me anything, I will be at the cars to get it. I am looking for a box from  today. Our fare is pretty hard here. Write soon. Come down & see me if you have a chance. Tell Ma that my corduroy pants are in Winchester and that I will not have a chance of getting them soon that I know of.