I wrote Pa a few lines yesterday but thought he might not get it. I am tolerably well. We are encamped at this place which is something larger than Fishersville. It is a rather poor looking town. The Yankees had been here some time & ate pretty near everything that they could find. We manage to get pretty good fare when the boys go out in the country. They bring in a great many peaches chickens & they get them off the Yankee Farms in Fairfax. Well I have rec'd a commission at last as a 2nd Lieut so whenever I get tired of soldiering I can resign & come home which I think I shall do in a few weeks. Our company are generally well. Marshall Hanger has been loafing around here & has never joined our company. He is going home today or tomorrow. As Augusta has furnished her quota of volunteers the militia will not be needed. Our Army is camped in every direction from the Junction. Jacksons Brigade is in camp about 3/4 of a mile below Centreville which is 6 or 7 miles from the Junction. I stayed all night there with Ed Waddell. Monday night I saw John Hill. He wanted a light woolen round about & a pair pants of same quality & if you could have them made you could send them down by some of his company who have gone home on furlough. I expect their company was paid off Tuesday & John must have gotten his wages which amounted to between $20 & $40. He told that he wanted me to take his pay & send it to Pa to keep for him that he had very little use for money. Uncle Moore & Post are at Centreville. I saw Martin Yontz on Monday. He had brought a wagonload provisions down to Hamtramels Guards. He says our folks are all well. I sent word by him to Grand Pa that you are all well. I don't think there will be a battle for a good while perhaps 2 months. Yes we have about eighty-five men in our company. Lib Davis came down with me & Martin Palmer got here yesterday. There is still 2 of our boys left in Augusta Henry Miller & George Layman. Well Ma I don't believe I need anything at present. I will send this letter by Marshall Hanger or Dr Walker. Write soon. Tell Pa to write to me. Give my love to all.