Yours of the 5th is received, and would have been answered  this, if I had not considered it a matter that required some time for consideration, as to what it was my duty to do under the circumstances. This point I have weighed long and well, trying hard to divest my mind of all prejudice in the case, and only consider what was my duty, as a professed Christian missionary, to do under the circumstances. And painful as it is to me there is but one conclusion that I can arrive at which is that I cannot go to Goldsboro. I am a Widow, and twelve hundred miles from home, the only relatives I have in the south are here, and I cannot make it appear to my mind that it is my duty to leave them to go into another State among entire strangers and still farther from home, and especially is this true when I consider that the only reason urged for this change is because I have when called upon for my testimony concerning other Teachers, and by an Officer authorized to take it, that I simply told the truth, and only answered such questions as were put to me leaving out much that I might have said and volunteering nothing, and I am prepared to prove all that I said, and much more if need be. But I have no desire to say any more upon this subject farther than this. It has been urged as a reason for my being ordered away that there was a disturbance among the Teachers and that four were united against one and that it was easier to change one, than four, all of which I am aware is true. I am also well aware that the money that is being expended in this great work, all comes from charitable contributions, and do not blame the Association for feeling as though it must be expended to the very best advantage, and consequently for coming to the conclusion that it was easier to transfer one Teacher than four. Nevertheless it does seem to me that the question of justice should have something to do with this case, and that I should not be removed without a fair investigation of the whole affair or at least that I should only have been suspended from teaching, until the whole truth could be made known. but it seems you have decided differently and there is no alternative left but for me to submit. In conclusion permit me to add, that this is my third year in the work, and this is the first time I have ever been complained of to my knowledge. I have always endeavored to do my duty, and do it faithfully and in looking over the last three years I cannot call to my mind any act of mine (committed knowingly) which I regret.  I am human and may have committed errors of the head, but I think none of the heart. And now after saying this much, I can only add, that I am in your hands, and whatever decision you may make of my case, I shall try to feel that the Lord orders all things for the best, and in his hands I am willing to leave this result. with the best wishes for this great work in which you are engaged, and in which I have been deeply interested for the last three years.