Feeling that I have been unjustly dealt with in regard to School matters at this place, and hoping you will pardon the liberty I take in thus addressing you upon the subject, I have concluded to submit a plain statement of the facts in the case, for your kind consideration. First then permit me to say that this is my third year in the work, the first two being under the A.M.A. and this, the third, under the Baptist Home Mission Society and I think I can truly say that I have labored as earnestly, and zealously, as perhaps any other teacher, and been as deeply interested in the education of the freed children, as I possibly could have been, and never to my knowledge has there been one word of fault found with me until now. And even now the Supt. of the Schools here informs me, that he has no fault whatever to find with me as a teacher. What then, may I ask, have I been guilty of, that should cause my dismissal? - before answering this question however, permit me to state the facts in the case, everything so far as I know, up to the time that Capt. McDonnell came here, was going on smoothly, when I was called upon, in connection with all the rest of the teachers, to state what I knew about Lieut. Cook's conduct while here, and my answers to the questions put to me, necessarily cast some reflections not only upon him, but some of the teachers, and perhaps the general conditions of the Schools - but I only answered such questions as were asked me, volunteering nothing, and leaving out much that I might have said. Soon after the Capt. left here, I receieved a letter from the [unclear: rooms] at New York saying that Mr. Brackett had informed them, that I could be spared from the Valley and assigning me to Goldsboro N.C. and saying that my transportation would be forwarded in a few days. To this I immediately replied requesting them to withhold my transportation a few days. In the meantime I had a conversation with Mr. Brackett (the Supt.) in which he informed me of his action, but said he had found no fault with me as a teacher, and the only reason he had given for my removal was that some of the teachers had united against me on account of my evidence. I then wrote to N.Y. again stating to them that I was twelve hundred miles from home, and was boarding with my Sister here, and I thought it very hard to be sent away for no other offense than simply telling the truth, which to answer my question, is the only crime of which I have been accused. To this letter I received a response in substance saying that they had been informed by Mr. Brackett that I was not needed here nor in the Valley. Notwithstanding this, one new teacher has been brought here since, and one school now stands adjourned for the want of a teacher. I was, as you will readily see, forced either to go to Goldsboro, or give up my school. And in deciding which to do, I took it into consideration that I was the only teacher here that was here last year, and that I had a Sister here with whom I was boarding, and not one of the others had any family connections here whatever. And as I had been guilty of nothing for which to be transfered, painful as it was to me, I could not make it appear to be my duty to go. And now in conclusion, I desire to know if you in your official capacity, cannot employ me as a teacher, under the Auspices of the Bureau. If this is impossible, will the Bureau furnish me with a building in which to teach, provided I do it gratuitously? I had a very large school of 95 Pupils, and to which I had become very much attached. Now if you can do me the favor to arrange matters so that I can stay with it, you will place me under great obligations to you. Hoping to hear from you at an early date.