My school has been much pleasanter this month than I expected it would be, in a building with three other schools [unclear: occupying] the remaining corners. I miss my quiet little school-room where the children had less to attract their attention from their books; but they are much stiller than I could expect. I have almost entirely broken up the habit of whispering but it is more difficult to keep them from studying in that annoying buzzing under tone. However they are improving in this respect in the day school + [unclear: as] my night school it has ceased entirely. I had partly expected to find the children dishonest + untruthful  other + more experienced leaders encouraged strengthened the feeling but Either I have been more fortunate in my scholars or my plan of trusting them without tempting them is a success for I have not found a single instance of theft and but three or four of falsehood. From the first I have tried to teach them how wrong both were; while at every case of falsehood I have made an example. They prize highly my confidence in them one of my most trying scholars said to me one day, "Miss Dewey I have never told you a story + I never mean to for then you couldn't trust me any more  believe me." Some days ago I took to school a number of painted cards, as rewards for the children, all I had I suppose I left them on a little shelf close to the children's seats After a day or two I went to get some from the box in which they were kept + to my surprise, found yet more than half as many as I thought I had brought up. I felt so confident that I said to the scholars "I'm afraid some of my little girls have been taking some of my tickets. It makes me feel very sorry to think so for I felt I could trust them. I made some inquiries, but wafer denials were all I received. When I came home, to make certain I looked where I had been in the habit of keeping them + there to my surprise found all that I had lost I felt greatly mortified + sorry + I determined to apologize the Monday next, but before then one after another would drop in + would ask me, in Sunday school "Did you find your cards?" And "Oh, I am so glad;" when I said "Yes;" "I couldn't bear to have you think me a thief"--"I lay awake thinking about it last night; it troubled me so;" were remarks by different children. All seemed so relieved I felt as if I could never suspect them again. Calling on the mother of some of my children the other day, little Annie said to me, "I never tell a story now without thinking of you." "Why Annie" said I "do you ever tell stories?" "Sometimes, but I try not to." "Yes" said her mother, "she has improved greatly, for now if she tells a story she often says 'I'll take that back, it isn't true.'"--So our work here has its fruit, even now, + we believe that the harvest of which the first fruits are now given, will be a very bounteous one. But not with us be the glory. It is God's work + it is indeed marvelous in our eyes.