in a menacing attitude. I have been -warned off by the Hudson's Bay
agent; then a summons was sent to me to appear before a Mr. DeCour-
cey, an oflficial of her Britannic Majesty. To-day I received the in-
closed communications, and I also inclose my answer to same.
I had to deal with three captains, and I thought it better to take the
brunt of it. They have a force so much superior to mine that it will be
merely a mouthful for them; still I have informed them that I am here
by order of my commanding general, and will maintain my position if
possible.
They wish to have a conjoint occupation of the island; I decline
anything of that kind. They can, if they choose, land at almost any
point on the island, and I can not prevent them. I have used the utmost
courtesy and delicacy in my intercourse and, if it is possible, please in-
form me at such an early hour as t prevent a collision. The utmost I
could expect to-day was to suspend any proceeding till they have time to
digett a fill which I gave them. They wish to throw the onus on me,
because I refuse to allow them to land an equal force, and each of us
to have military occupation, thereby wiping out both civil authorities.
I say I can not do so until I hear from the general.
I have endeavored to impress them with the idea that my authority
comes directly through you from Washington.
The Pleiades left this morning for San Francisco with Colonel
Hawkins.
The excitement in Victoria and here is tremendous. I suppose
some five hundred people have visited us. I have had to use a great
deal of my feace-tnakinff disposition in order to restrain some of the
sovereigns.
Please excuse this hasty and, I am afraid, almost unintelligible letter,
but the steamer is waiting, and I have been writing under the most un-
favorable circumstances. I must add that they seem to doubt the au-
thority of the general commanding, and do not wish to acknowledge his
right to occupy this island, which they say is in dispute, unless the
United States government has decided the question with Great Britain.
I have so far staved them off by saying that the two governments have
undoubtedly settled this affair, but this state of affairs can not last,
and therefore I most respectfully ask that an express be sent me immedi-
ately for my future guidance. I do not think there are any moments to
waste. In order to maintain our dignity we must occupy in force, or al-
low them to land an equal force, which they can do now, and possibly
will do in spite of my diplomacy.
I have the honor to inclose all the correspondence which has taken
