times, however, there are certain crises in which a soldier
is not inclined to be fastidious, and if a few of Hill's pet
fancies had been neglected he did not complain.
The next day was spent by Longstreet in fighting-
along the Williamsburg road.
On this day Pickett's brigade played an important and
gallant part, an account of which may be best given in
Pickett's report to General Johnston:
Sir: On the afternoon of May 31, 1862, just as the battle of Seven
Pines was being opened by Major-General Longstreet, I was directed
by that officer to move with my brigade to the York Railroad bridge,
cover the same, repel any advance of the enemy up that road, and hold
myself in readiness to move to the support of our advance, if needed.
About 9 P.M. I received orders from General Longstreet to march my
brigade at daylight and report to Major-General D. H. Hill, at or near
Seven Pines. I moved accordingly, and found General Hill at General
Casey's late headquarters, just in rear of the enemy's redoubt.
My brigade had marched on some four hundred yards in advance of
this point when it was there halted. General Hilldirected me to ride over
to the railroad and communicate with Brigadier-General Hood, whose
right was resting on that road. I asked General Hill where the enemy
were. He said they were some distance in advance; I had no definite
idea where, as I saw none, and had not time to examine the position or
the nature of the ground.
With two of my staff-ofiicers, Captains Pickett and Archer, I pro-
ceeded through the undergrowth and thickets toward the railroad some
four hundred yards, when I was met by a part of the Louisiana Zouaves
(who had evidently been on a plundering expedition), rusning past me at
a most headlong speed. I seized on one fellow who was riding a mule
with a halter, and detained him for explanation. He said the enemy-
were within a few yards of us, and entreatea me to lei him save himself.
I immediately rode back with him at a gallop, and as briefly as pos-
sible informed General Hill of the circumstances. He ordered me to at-
tack, and I supposed the same order was given to the other brigade com-
manders. I rejoined my brigade at once and, by a change of front for-
ward, put it in line of battle nearly perpendicular to the railroad and
advanced, Armistead on my left, Pryor and Wilcox (the latter I did not
see, but heard he was there) on my right.