Within a short distance we struck the enemy, who opened heavily
on us, drove him through an abatis, over a cross-road leading to the rail-
road, and was advancing over a second abatis when I discovered that
Armistead's brigade had broken, and were leaving the field pell-mell.
At this moment I was on foot and half-way across the abatis, the men
moving on beautifully and carrying everything before them. I could
scarcely credit my own eyes on witnessing this misfortune on my left. I
immediately rode to that part of the field and found nothing between me
and the railroad except the gallant Armistead himself with a regimental
color and some thirty persons, mostly officers.
I saw our danger at once, and despatched a courier to General Hill
asking for more troops to cover the vacuum. Receiving no reply, and
the enemy pressing forward in force, brigade after brigade, and threat-
ening my left flank, I threw back the left wing of the Nineteenth Virginia,
the left regiment, so as to oppose a front to them, despatched a staff-
officer to General Hill with a request for troops, and after awhile sent a
second despatch, similarly worded.
As a matter of course, from having been the attacking party, I now had
to act on the defensive. Fortunately, the enemy seemed determined on
attacking and carrying my front and driving me out of the abatis, which
our men succeeded in preventing, though with considerable loss.
About this time I learned that Pryor's brigade was being withdrawn
from my right. I had, in the meantime, sent all my staff and couriers
back to General Hill, the last message being that if he would send more
troops and some ammunition to me we would drive the enemy across the
Chickahominy. I have alzvays believed this would have been done but
for the misfortune which happened to our general on the previous even-
ing. Had he not been wounded, but on the field with us, the result would
have been entirely different.
I do not mean to cast any blame on the brave and heroic Hill, for
after the fall of the master-spirit there seemed to be no head, and Hill,
I know, was bothered and annoyed with countermanding orders. No
assistance, no demonstration was given or made from the other sids of
the railroad, A most perfect apathy seemed to prevail. Not a gun
zuas fired, and I subsequently learned from Brigadier-General Hood
that he saw the enemy pouring his forces across the railroad, not
more than six or eight hundred yards in his front, and concentrating
their attack on me, and that one piece of artillery placed in the rail-
road cut would have stopped this and drawn their attention to his front.
But he said he had instructions to make no movement, but to zvait for
orders. A forward movement then by the left wing of our army would