have struck the enemy in flank and at any rate have stopped their con-
centration.
At this perilous juncture, hearing nothing from General Hill, I rode
as rapidly as possible to him, and explained as laconically as I could the
position of affairs. He asked me if I could not withdraw my brigade. I
said yes, but I did not wish to do so; that I would leave all my wounded,
lose many more men, and that the enemy would pour down on the dis-
organized mass, as he himself termed the troops about him. He then
sent two regiments of Colston's, which Captain Pickett put in position
on my left, and asked me to take Mahone's brigade and put it on my
right, which was done, Mahone becoming hotly engaged a few moments
after getting in position.
I had ordered my men, as far as possible, to reserve their fire.
From that circumstance, I suppose, and from the fact that the enemy
had become aware of the small force actually opposed to them, a brigade
debouched from the piece of woods in my front and moved steadily toward
my left flank. They came up to within short range, when their com-
mander, seeing his men about to commence firing, stopped them and
called out, "What troops are those?" Some of our men shouted, " Vir-
jrijn'atts! " He then cried out, "Don't fire! — they'll surrender; we'll
capture all these Virginians!" Scarcely were the words uttered
when the Nineteenth and the left of the Eighteenth rose in the abatis and
poured a withering volley into them, killing their commanding ofiicer,
and literally mowing down their ranks. Just then Colston's regiments
came up on the left and Mahone on the right. The enemy retreated to
their bosky cover and their fire immediately slackened. No other at-
tempt was made by them to advance, and about i p.m. (I judge), by
General HilVs order, I withdrew the zvhole of our front line, Pryor
and Wilcox and some other troops I do not remember being in position
some four hundred yards in our rear. We withdrew in perfect order.
Not a gun was fired at us, and we brought off all our wounded.
This was the conclusion of the battle of Seven Pines. No shot was
fired afterward. Our troops occupied the same ground that evening,
June I, and that night which they had held on the previous night. Gen-
eral Mahone and his brigade occupied the redoubt, and our line of pick-
ets was thrown out well in advance. I know this of my own personal
knowledge, for General Hill sent for me about one o'clock at night or,
rather, morning of June 2, and I went to the redoubt in search of him,
and still further on toward our picket-line.
General Hill gave me special orders to cover the withdrawal of the
troops with my brigade, which, by the way, proved a much easier task