ing Fort Anderson, would have a direct fire upon the town, and an
enfilading fire upon the works in front of it. Commander Wood, having
received the gunboats, would co-operate, and I, with the party under my
command, would create a diversion, draw off the enemy and, if the
chance offered, enter the town.
Accordingly, on Monday morning, at one o'clock, I pushed forward
General Hoke. He was met at Bachelor's Creek, nine miles from New-
bern, by a strong force of the enemy, who were evidently surprised. The
night being dark, and the enemy being posted in a strong position after
having destroyed the bridge, it was impracticable for General Hoke to
force a passage till after daylight. This he did in most gallant style.
At this, time the enemy, reinforcing heavily by railroad, and trying
to rake our lines with the guns on the steam ironclads, attempted to
turn my right flank. I threw Corse forward to drive them in, which he
did handsomely, and Clingman, with his two regiments, followed General
Hoke. After effecting the crossing, the enemy were hotly pursued, but
as we had no cavalry, and our men were much worn by the long night's
march, and had not been allowed fires, we were unable to press our ad-
vantage as we would have done had there been fresh troops on hand. In
fact, it was three o'clock before General Corse could come to the cross-
ing of the Neuse road with the railroad, some two and a half miles from
the town. There was unfortunately no co-operation, the other parties
having failed to attack, and I found we were making the fight single-
handed.
Commander Wood went down the Neuse on the night of the 31st,
with his party, but did not find the gunboats. Dearing found Fort
Anderson too strong to attack. Barton's cavalry failed to cut the rail-
road and telegraph at Morehead City. This was afterwards done by
General Martin, but no communication of the fact was received from
General Barton till some time after we moved back. General Barton
sent a message to me by courier, on Tuesday morning, saying he found
the work laid out for him impracticable. This not being satisfactory
to me, I sent Captain Bright, my aide-de-camp, across the Trent to com-
municate with him in person. This was accomplished by Captain Bright
at a great risk. General Barton stated to him that he had been entirely
misinformed as to the strength of the place. He pronounced the works
too strong to take, saying that he had made no advance and did not
intend to, and that he had twice sent out his cavalry to cut the railroad,
and they had returned without accomplishing it.
Captain Bright then, by my direction, ordered him to join me. Gen-
eral Barton said he would try to cross at Pollocksville, but would be un-