him with their divisions. The march was necessarily slow, on account
of the continual skirmishing, front and ilank, with the Federal cavalry.
They at one time charged in on the wagon-train, but were repulsed by
Ransom. In front we had to drive them out of the way nearly the whole
distance until we joined Fitz Lee at the Five Forks about sunset. I
learned then that part of the ordnance-train had been turned back, it
was said, by orders from the commander-in-chief. General Ransom had
his ordnance-wagons, and on these we had to depend for supplying the
whole command in the engagements which followed. I was about to
push on toward Dinwiddie Court-house, when, upon consultation with
General Fitz Lee (the other cavalry not having joined him, and it being
nearly dark, and the men much in need of rest from an almost con-
tinuous march of eighteen hours), I determined to throw out merely a
couple of brigades, on the Court-house road, so as to keep the enemy at
a respectful distance during the night. This was done. Corse and Terry
advancing some three-quarters of a mile, driving the Federal cavalry,
who, however, being dismounted and armed with the repeating rifle,
made a vigorous fight. It rained throughout the night, and up to about
twelve the next day. General Fitz Lee's scouts and guides could not
ascertain exactly the opposing strength, but, from the prisoners taken
up to this time, I knew we had no infantry in our front. "We discovered
at daylight, that the enemy were quite strongly posted in a good position
on the Court-house road. The rest of the cavalry having gotten up about
ten o'clock in the morning, I determined to push on along a road still
further to the right, cross the stream higher up with General W. H. F.
Lee's and Rosser's cavalry, and the infantry, leaving Fitz Lee's division
to come up the direct road toward the Court-house, as we advanced on
the right. The rain had greatly swollen the streams, which was the
chief reason for the delay of the cavalry. General W. H. F. Lee, with
his division, very gallantly charged over the creek, but the enemy were
too strong to be repulsed. The infantry, consequently, were not able to
cross at that point and (the stream not being fordable) were compelled to
draw back. I pushed the infantry across lower down, Terry's brigade
leading. Colonel Mayo with the Third Virginia in advance. This regi-
ment suffered a good deal, but the men gallantly dashed over the creek
and swamp, killing and capturing, after a sharp engagement, about a
hundred. Our whole force then moved on. Our adversary, meanwhile
strongly reinforced, made a determined resistance, and it was dark when
we arrived vathin half a mile of the Court-house. W. H. F. Lee's cav-
alry had crossed at the same point and Fitz Lee's division had come up
on the left.