deep, sympathetic soul and struck responsive chords in all
hearts whose bravest and dearest had helped to make that
ground so sacred that no living presence could deepen its
consecration. Here manhood reached a height of courage
and ardent love from which it could not recede, and had
gone beyond into the highest. "The last full measure of
devotion " had been given by the Gray and the Blue alike.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth upon this
continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the propo-
sition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great
civil war, testing whether that nation so conceived and so dedicated, can
long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We are
met to dedicate a portion of it as the final resting-place of those who
here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting
and proper that we should do this. But in a larger sense we can not
dedicate, we can not consecrate, we can not hallow this ground. The
brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it far
above our power to add or subtract. The world will little note nor long
remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.
It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated here to the unfinished
work that they have thus far so nobly carried on. It is rather for us to
be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us — that from
these honored dead we take increased devotion to the cause for which
they here gave the last full measure of devotion — that we here highly
resolve that the dead shall not have died in vain, that the nation shall,
under God, have a new birth of freedom and that a government of the
people, by the people, and for the people, shall not perish from the
earth.
"The brave men, living and dead — " The living come
with generous hand of greeting. North and South, and
their voices speak only friendship. The dead? I look
beyond and see their loved and loving faces. On the
crest of life's sublimest height they fell, to rise again in
supernal triumph. From the eternal silence they look
down and are glad.
Over the long pathway on which Armistead, Garnett,