To all Virginians and to all the survivors of the Army of Mexico
the announcement of the death of this admirable officer will give a thrill
of pain. Perhaps there .is no doubt that he was the best infantry soldier
developed on either side during the Civil War. His friends and admirers
are by no means confined to the Southern people or soldiers to whom he
gave his heart and best affections and of whom he was so noble a type,
but throughout the North and on the Pacific coast where he long served,
his friends and lovers are legion.
He was of the purest type of the perfect soldier, possessing manly
beauty in the highest degree; a mind large and capable of taking in the
bearings of events under all circumstances; of that firm and dauntless
texture of soul that no danger or shock of conflict could appall or con-
fuse; full of that rare magnetism which could infuse itself into masses
of men and cause any mass under his control to act as one; his per-
ception clear; his courage of that rare proof which rose to the occasion;
his genius for war so marked that his companions all knew that his mind
worked clearer under fire, and in the "deadly and imminent breach,"
than even at mess-table or in the merry bivouac, where his genial and
kindly comradeship and his perfect breeding as a gentleman made him
beloved by his friends.
He will live in history as nearer to Light Horse Harry, of the Revo-
lution, than any other of the many heroes produced by old Virginia —
his whole history when told, as it will be by some one of the survivors
of Pickett's men, will reveal a modern type of the Chevalier Bayard,
' ' Sans feur et sans refroche. ' '
George Pickett graduated at the Military Academy in 1846. He im-
mediately joined his regiment, the Eighth United States Infantry, in
* Written and published by the General's old friend. General George
B. McClellan, August 7, 1875. A copy of the manuscript and a touch-
ing letter was sent to our boy, "the General's namesake son," and to
me, "the devoted wife. "
