to the enemy's front, full half a mile of open and exposed ground, amid'
the iron hail of two hundred cannon belching shot and canister and
schrapnel, and the leaden rain poured out from the massed infantry that
thickly lined the crest of Cemetery Ridge, Pickett, with Kemper and
Garnett and Armistead, led his division, a forlorn hope, forty-five
hundred men agaijist the concentrated strength of the Federal army.
No grander sight ever fascinated the gaze of military men than that of
those noble heroes charging in steady and unbroken line of battle,
through smoke and fire and death, up that fatal hill, to and over the
breastworks that lined it, over two lines of guns, over two lines of in-
fantry, up to the very brow of the hill, up to the very verge of victory.
But, alas! it might not be, valor had done its utmost; it was not fated
that they should win, then and there, another independence day. Un-
supported, broken, disrupted, scattered, the survivors who reached the
crest found themselves but the skeleton of the division that but a few
minutes before had so proudly marched down the opposite descent;
while around them closed countless masses of hostile infantry and on
them was concentrated the fire of a dozen batteries; and then com-
menced the retreat, from which emerged but one-fourth of the command
before the charge. That charge has gone into history, a testimony to
the valor of Confederate soldiers that will never fade. "
The close of the war left Pickett poor and broken. He was a sol-
dier, pure and simple, of illustrious qualities, and his life from the age
of fifteen entirely devoted to the profession he so well loved and had so
adorned.
General B. F. Butler, who was perhaps as complete an opposite to
Pickett as the race can produce, made an effort to have him tried by a
military commission, "organized to convict." Butler had been bottled
by General Pickett at Bermuda Hundred, and sought this revenge. Gen-
eral Grant, who, in common with hundreds of the old army, loved Pick-
ett, saved him.
After Grant became President he gave further proof of his affection
by sending for Pickett and offering him the marshalship of the State of
Virginia. "You can not afford to do this, " said Pickett, "and I can not
afford to accept it from you. " "I can afford to do whatever I choose,
Pickett," said the soldier President. The man who had fought for the
Confederacy realized the difficulties and responsibilities which environed
both himself and the President of the United States, and persistently
declined the position which he so much needed.
The Khedive of Egypt had previously offered him the position of
brigadier-general in his army; but Pickett refused. As, like all brave