THE art of printing, in bringing to the world much that is good, robbed it of a beauty that can never be restored — the priceless traditions of primitive races. In the Golden Age a story descended from father to son through all generations from a beginning in a past so remote that its origin was lost in dim antiquity. With the passage of the years it mellowed and deepened and grew vivid with sunlight as a cask of wine that lies through dim ages in a vault will hold to its heart the glow of the sun that warmed it into life when it hung upon the vine, until it crystalizes into liquid jewels. The endless succession of pictures presented to the mind widens the horizon but lowers the zenith and limits the nadir. The permanence which gave majesty to the tradition is superseded by the evanescence of the new thought which shimmers for a moment upon the world only to pass away when a new idea shall have been evolved. The tradition is garbed in its own peculiar form of speech. The idea and the expression linger together with the primitive races until advancing civilization with its subtle devices of writing, printing and reading has invaded the realm where poetry and imagination still dwell in the twilight of the gods and has destroyed, first, the original concept, and then more gradually the peculiar idiom in which that concept was draped. The African races have retained their ancient tales up to, or even beyond, the incursions of progress into the domain of the primitive mythologies. Their traditions preserve the invariableness of an antique statue upon which succeeding generations look with admiration and delight, but which never lifts an eyelid nor changes a pose in recognition of the changing fashions of the day. ' ' En he put his foot dar," says a youthful and inexperienced raconteur. " No, no, chile," hastily corrects the gray-haired sire, ' ' He put his foot yer. ' ' The story can not proceed until the foot is put " yer," as it always has been since the beginning. When an ambitious master of the newly evolved arts fancies that he has discovered that the foot was put "dar" instead of ' yer " he is regarded as a savant of great glory, and the whole intellectual and scientific world thereafter sees that member in its newly authorized position, and if any man dares behold it anywhere else he is immediately relegated to barbarism. The primitive African mind regards an effort to change the location of that traditional foot as heretical and profane. Thus with each minor incident and movement in the entire story. The philosophy of the old-time African servitor was of the most consoling character. He preached the gospel of contentment, perhaps as divine as any other principle of the moral law, comforting in this manner those who railed against their limitations : To us who learned the dialect of the old-time slave with the first lispings of our untrained tongues, there has come no other language to usurp its place in our hearts. It is a part of the sunlight of childhood, the radiance of which yet lights our pathway to the ever-nearing west. It belongs with the joy of youth, like the fragrance of the flowers that bloomed in the old home garden and the trill of the birds that made melody for us in the days when the world was full of music, before we had remotely dreamed that time would set the song of our lives to minor chords and that our joyous lyrics of welcome for the living would sometime change to dirges of farewell to the dead. We of the old-time South are far away from the nights of mystic fascination when, with the curiosity of keen-eyed, sharp-eared childhood, sitting in the deepening gloom of twilight, watching the sparks from the flaming logs go glittering up the chimney, wondering what message from the glowing heart of the fire they carried up to the pale stars, we listened to some awesome tradition from the lips of an old white-haired ' ' Uncle, ' ' a relic of his own childhood and of many childhoods previous to his. Or it might be some pathetic story of his own experience that would chain us there until nurse came for the little ones, and earnest admonitions from parents or guardians would warn older young people that further indulgence would not be granted. We have read many a popular novel since then, many a scientific treatise artistically veiled in iridescent romanticism for the ensnaring of the unwary, many a sociological dissertation cunningly done into fiction to render it palatable to our frivolous tastes, but never have we met with such enchanting literary works as those which beguiled the mystic evenings of plantation childhood. I have made my dialect, if I may so call it, phonetically genuine. The final consonant is rarely sounded. Short words and possessives are slighted, and the constant elision, though musical, makes it difficult. "R" is generally pronounced " ah " — " Spare, ' ' " spyah, ' ' etc. The negroes are fond of long words often making a misapplication of them. " Reverent," for instance, they use for ' ' violent " or " excessive. " " Stronagin ' ' is another favorite expression, which combines the words "extraordinary," "astounding, " " strong, ' ' and ' ' strange. ' ' ' ' Projeckin' ' ' is yet another, which means not only to fool or play with, to presume to interfere with, but to take an unjustifiable, unwarranted liberty with. They use many obsolete words, such as ' ' deracinate, " " ineluctable, ' ' and many Anglo-Saxon forms, such as " hit " for "it," "tote" for "carry," and "atter" for " after," and double negatives always ; such as, " You hain't seen nobody 'roun' yer w'at don' want ter hire nobody, is you ? " I have tried to portray their quaint and homely humor, their strange exaltation of mind and temperament, their pathetic and sympathetic natures, their superstitions and sentiments, their strange characteristics. They like generally to make the weaker side victorious, mischief to triumph over malice, and helplessness a virtue. They are peculiarly reticent about certain things. They seldom speak freely to a stranger, and never relate their legends to one whom they do not know well. Herbert H. Smith, author of " Brazil and the Amazons," ascribes the origin of many of their stories to the South American Indians, — but where did our negro come in contact with them ? The Visconde de Rio Branco, the Brazilian historian, proved a relationship between them and the ancient Egyptians and Tupi Indians. The animal stories and legends were certainly, however, brought from Africa, but whether they originated there or with the Anahs, or with yet older nations, is unknown. Whether the Indians got them from the negroes or from earlier sources is also unknown. ' ' Br'er Rabbit ' ' can be traced back to the stories of the Buddha. The Buddhists regarded the hare always with the greatest possible veneration, and Jataka is but the Tar Baby story revived. The negro has no linguistic laws. He imitates as best he can what he hears. He does not originate, but his imitations are often so grotesque, and so far from the actual thing which he is attempting to imitate, as to pass among unaccustomed hearers as original expressions evolved from his own consciousness. His dialect varies, also, with climate and geographical locality. The speech of Virginia is not exactly like that of many other Southern States, and the lingo in vogue on the rice plantations of the Sea Islands of the South Atlantic States and the dialect of the wheat fields and cotton plantations have a very marked difference. One of the most remarkable characteristics of the old-time Southern blacks was a gentleness of voice which seemed to have persisted through all the generations which had intervened between them and their origin in a languorous oriental country. The pathetic sweetness which made the old plantation melodies the most touching music known to western ears was no less noticeable in their conversational tones. With a tropical softness of nature they instinctively avoided all harsh sounds, sometimes to the infinite mystification of unaccustomed minds. In their smooth phraseology, " eider-down " was readily converted into ' iodine ' ' without the interposition of any scientific process known to chemistry. This pathetically musical speech is fast dying away with the old-time slave, the old-time master, the old-time life. To one in whose memory it yet lingers in softest cadences it is a pleasant task to jot down all of it that can be transferred to the printed page. The characteristic tones will not remain, the quaint expression is lacking, the half unconscious gestures, the mystic swayings to and fro, will all vanish with the actors in the old plantation drama. There will yet linger only the silent printed form to convey to the future some idea of the olden dialect, when the western gate shall have swung, open for the last of those to whom that speech was a loved familiar sound, and they who told the quaint old stories and they who listened shall all alike have passed into the glory beyond the sunset. 'Twuz a long time ago. "WILL those of my readers who do not know the ways and hearts of my colored people of the Old South kindly read first this explanation, or extenuation, as it may be, of my old black mammy's origin of her race? As I wrote "In de Miz " memory took me back across the years to the time when life's water was wine, tinted golden with the sunlight of morning, sparkling with the jewels of youth and love. It made me a child again, looking up into the dear, dusky face of that beloved black mammy, listening with my unhurt, unclouded faith to the folklore of her speculative midnight race, as she solved in her own random, shadowy way the dim mysteries of creation, giving expression to thoughts that strike reason dumb, while her passiveness, obedience, wise submission, loyalty and love made no quiritation of wrongs to right. There was no word held in more reverential love and fear by the faithful Southern slave than the one word "Master." The divided service of his soul was between his Master and his God. His religion, fraught with the supernatural, was as broad as the narrow grasp of his poor mind could compass. His conception of the greatness of God was measured by his crude and untrained brain. In his eyes the taking of a "chaw" of tobacco was a dignified, luxurious custom, and one liberally indulged in, as a rule, by his paragon of perfection, the Southern master. To have said u Lawd," in speaking of Him to little children, without the prefix of the word "Marse" (Master) would have been unwonted familiarity with the omnipotent, all-wise, all- merciful Great Being. Nor was the old-time slave wanting in respect and reverence in the frequent use of His Name when speaking to those of his own age, always calling upon it to emphasize or verify a statement or express surprise. There was no want of reverence in his comparison of his Heavenly Father with his earthly Master, and the rapt co-partnership which he conceived to exist between those two almost equally sacred beings ; but, instead thereof, a sublime recognition in his simple heart of the fellowship of God and man, and an intuitive conception of two-ness as one-ness, of the incompleteness of man apart from God — verifying the poet's thought : They made her a grave too cold and damp For a soul so warm and true ; And she 's gone to the Lake of the Dismal Swamp, Where all night long by a fire-fly lamp She paddles her white canoe. And her fire-fly lamp I soon shall see, And her paddle I soon shall hear ; Long and loving our lives shall be, And I'll hide the maid in a cypress tree When the footsteps of death draw near. Away to the Dismal Swamp he speeds — His path was rugged and sore, Through tangled juniper, beds of reeds, Through many a fen where the serpent feeds And man never trod before. And when on the earth he sunk to sleep, If slumber his eyelids knew, He lay where the deadly vine doth weep Its venomous tear and nightly steep The flesh with blistering dew." And near him the she-wolf stirred the brake, And the copper-snake breathed in his ear, Till he starting cried, from his dream awake, ' Oh, when shall I see the dusky Lake, And the white canoe of my dear ! ' He saw the Lake, and a meteor bright Quick over the surface play'd — ' Welcome," he said, ' my dear one's light,' And the dim shore echoed for many a night The name of the death-cold maid. Till he hollowed a boat of the birchen bark, Which carried him off from the shore ; Far, far he follow'd the meteor spark — The wind was high and the clouds were dark, And the boat return'd no more. But oft from the Indian hunter's camp This lover and maid so true Are seen at the hour of midnight damp To cross the Lake by a fire-fly lamp, And paddle their white canoe. THIS graphic description of these two historical duels was given to me by an old negro whose father was an eye-witness to the one and a hearsay witness to the other. The first of these duels was fought by the " political meteor of Congress," John Randolph, and the "Great Compromiser," Henry Clay. When the election of 1824 went to the House and was decided in favor of John Quincy Adams by the vote of Henry Clay the thunder of Randolph's voice was not the smallest element in the storm which assailed the recalcitrant Kentuckian. To the general denunciation of "bargain and corruption" with which Clay's action was received Randolph added yet more stinging characterization, for which language he was challenged. The magnanimity of the one and the generous sensibility of the other on the occasion of the duel excited general admiration. The second notable duel was in a less elevated class of society, but was nevertheless characterized by honorable conduct, cool determination and unflinching courage, which would have been commendable in much higher circles. It was fought between two very black servitors, and grew out of a sentiment which has been the occasion of many remarkable events, Love. A sable-tinted beauty having taken possession of both hearts, it became necessary that the vital question should be decided in some definite manner, and what could be more conclusive than the primitive test to which resort was had away back in the beginning when Cupid first disturbed the peace of the human race ?
