Yours of the 15th came to hand yesterday, and found me in a sad fix for lifting our note. I saw (Our Brother!) D S Bell to day, and he permitted me to renew it, which was a godsend indeed, for I never in all my life have been so hard up. We are all in the habit of always complaining of hard times, but without exaggeration I have never seen anything like it here. I have been particularly unfortunate in obtaining means to meet the demands upon me. I have not been able to get a Dollar from Imboden or Saml. Steele, and my hope of the fund in Kinneys hands upon which I chiefly relied, were dashed by his giving a Deed to his creditors a week since, thereby tying up this fund, and probably causing me serious loss in the end. [unclear: His] official Bond is not regarded as covering his receipts for any other year than 52 -- which does not embrace my fund. I could not induce Baldwin to conclude a settlement with him, & I employed Imboden to prepare for me a notice for Kinney during the last days of the court, which notice Brought the Deed. After pretty heavy settlements on his wife in Lieu of Dowry, he next embraces all his indebtedness as Reciever, the amount of which no one seems to know. His assets are considerable, but whether the will cover his indebtedness as Reciever I have no means of ascertaining. Imboden thinks I will lose considerably. But I am rather disposed to think that I will some day come out. This affair has caused a great deal of "squirming" about Staunton, & it is thought that a considerable amount of this fund will be found in hands that will find it inconvenient to fork over. Why have you not been over. I have looked for you for the last month. Your Fathers treatment of you I think is outrageous, but intirely in Keeping with all I have ever known of him. The Almighty Dollar is the power that governs all his actions. I am sorry that so serious a rupture has occurred between you, but under the circumstances it was inevitable. The most important & funniest piece of news I have to communicate is that our sister Elizabeth is going to marry Col. Bell. As winter approaches her "Rhumatis" increases, and she has come to the conclusion that matrimony is the only remedy for her stiff Legs & other infirmities and I have concluded that the wonders of the world will never cease. Sarah, & myself have had some hearty laughs over this affair and wish you could be here to join us. I have not heard the particulars, but have ascertained that it will certainly be during the next month.* I am sorry you did not get over to see Meg. She is looking remarkable well, and Prettier than in her younger days. her visit was not a very pleasan one to her, in consequence of the operation on her little Boy, which gave her a great-deal of anxiety & trouble. It was successful however, & he goes home greatly improved. Jno. Imboden has courted Miss McPhail, & will marry her, I understand, early in March. He has been gone all week on a visit to her. We are all about as usual and would like very much to see you all come over soon. Sarah joins with me in much love to yourself & Liz. Write me soon and Believe me as ever