Having just returned from my imprisonment in Washington I hasten to offer my deepest sympathy in the sad bereavement which has fallen upon us in the death of yr. noble Husband. On the fatal day of his immolation upon the altar of Patriotism, I was guarded by hireling Yankees, in full view of our forces; compelled to witness their heroic sufferings, without being able to offer aid or consolation to my wounded and dying companions. Late Saturday evening a prisoner was brought into our crowd, who informed us that Col. Baylor had fallen, mortally wounded, that day; while lifting the Colors of his his Regiment from the ground where they had fallen wh. the gallant color-bearer of the 5th. I can not describe my emotions on receiving this intelligence. I felt as if my own brother had been stricken from my side. I [unclear: rebelled] at the Providence that denied me the privilege of being by his side and following his remains to their final resting place. I recalled the hours wherein we had [unclear: communed] together upon our beds; and remembered the deep anxiety which he always expressed in the success of my efforts to awaken a religious interest, in the regiment; how he cheered up, as I would tell him of one and another of his men, who had come to converse wh. me, on the subject of religion; and said wh. earnest emphasis "I would rather a revival of religion in my Regiment than to realize any temporal advantage whatever" This solicitude for the conversion of souls, manifested by word and acts, is one of the most satisfactory evidences of a change of heart. It is the first impulse of a renewed heart to long forthe conversion of others. Another characteristic struck me as very indicative of a saving change. I never knew a man addicted to swearing that could refrain from profanity when provoked, without Divine assistance: and yet I have seen Col. Baylor under the most harrassing provocations, without yielding to the promptings of his old habit. He had completely mastered, at least, that habit. Before I had indulged the hope of his conversion, I was frequently astonished at his discriminating views on the subject of experimental piety. He seemed to delight in spending hours, after others were asleep, in analyzing the emotions of his own heart and repeatedly said that he would make a profession of religion; but for his fears of being again ensnared by the world. He also expressed a preference for the Ministry as a profession above all others. But his conversation during the last day we were together (Tuesday before his death) furnished the strongest proof of his concern on the subject of religion and his faith the power of Prayer. He asked not less than half a dozen times, during the day, an interest in my prayers, in view of the impending conflict, and the last words that he spoke to me were "Walton, I do hope that Christians are praying for us, at home." He frequently conversed with Gen. Jackson on religious subjects. It is well known that the General indulged the warmest feeling of esteem and affection for your Husband. On one occasion, when he thought that Col. Baylor was absent from his command and a severe engagement was going on he expressed fears that the Brigade would not maintain its reputation; but when he was told that your Husband was at his post, he replied "all is right, they will prove worthy of their commander." Our whole Brigade mourns with you his irreparable loss. I have sent a short obituary to the Religious Herald and will forward a copy to you. Now dear Gawsey, Harken to this solemn call, learn its fearful teachings and cease more entirely from earth & the joys of earth, that you may obtain a firmer hold upon those joys that are eternal. Love from Jeanette & self to all your Mother's family.