 As Rebecca expects to go home tomorrow I thought I would write home by her. I have been very well since I wrote home with the exception of cold. Maggie Dudley went home last Monday and right sorry we were to have her go. After Annie Fulton found out Miss Mary would let Mag go she wrote home to see if her Pa would let her go. he asked last week if she would let her her off. She said if anyone else tried to get off she wouldn't go but if they didn't she might go, & would let her know the last of this week & if you hear me that will be the end of it. Becca is almost crazy to get home. She looks like she thinks tomorrow will never come. Mary Scheffer is going home next week. Miss McClure is coming next Friday and will take Mary's place in the room I suppose M r  Flynn from Georgia will be here with his daughter soon. He is a Presbyterian preacher & some of the teachers were wishing he would happen here on Sunday & preach. They had one of their little concerts here last Saturday night. The music was very good but it certainly was the driest hateful old thing, afterwards ever was the compositions were charming, charming. Miss Mary gave them to brother [unclear: Ed] to read. Mary Turk's was read & she was powerfully scared. Just after we came from church Sunday night. we heard such a dreadful hollering. we went bursting out on the porch, thought it was the darkies shouting. but it was the cry of fire. we all thought it was in the American Hotel. & didn't know any better till the next morning when we found out it was a chimney in the Methodist Institute. the consequence was we didn't have any fire that night. We all went to the Lyceum last Friday night a week. The question discussed was "Is the mind of woman naturally equal to that of man. I dont know when I laughed so much, liked Howe Peyton's speech the best: I tell you he is smart to be such a witchy looking creature. Law Mary I broke our bedstead down last Saturday evening, went to sit down on the bed when such a racket & clatter as I never heard before. I looked around to see what was the matter, when lo! & behold, bed & me were both on the floor. I gathered myself up & went to work & made the old thing up, when down it came again. so I had to go & tell Miss Agnes. Uncle Chess propped it up with a box. I tell you we had to lie mighty still that night; for every time we would move, one of the slats would drop out & by morning three or four of them were on the floor, but we are getting better used to the lame thing now. Becca says she is bound to go down to see you when she goes home. & when that time comes, you must be very entertaining as I dont expect she will talk much. We had a regular cat & dog fight this morning, nearly all the girls got frightened & run into Miss Howards room & frightened her nearly to death, said there was noise enough for some terrible catastrophe, but the affair was finally settled by the cat; it leaving the schoolroom screaming. Miss Baldwin is getting high up in the picture. she read the rules out the other morning at the breakfast table. some of them were if a girl dont get to the breakfast table in less than five minutes, after the ringing of the bell, she gets one demerit: if not there at all she gets two. &c you may believe we all go down even if we were half dead. Thursday night. The girls are studying for Trigonometry examination. they appear to be a good deal frightened. say they dont know any more about it than if they had never seen inside of a book. I want you to try & borrow Butlers Analogy for me, as I dont think it will be very long till we will need it: we finished the 1 st  book of Roman History this morning & in consequence of that and the examination I haven't many lessons for tomorrow We are continually changing servants here. Uncle Chess' wife has had two strokes of Apoplexy & is not expected to live. she is Patsy's mother & she had to go & take care of her. Ill declare there are some of the biggest geese here ever was. they run at the least noise, just now one of the chairs fell over against the chimney. some of them run like a wolf was after them. others declared there some big thing had fallen down the chimney, & I dont know but what they would have had the town aroused, if some of us hadnt told that cause of the disturbance. Mary Smith's party comes off in about two weeks. she was here last Saturday inviting some of the girls I suppose. Heard Ella G Saying Saturday there would be nothing done but talk & fix for three weeks. Nealie Sout was here one day this week. the girls say they never saw as great a change on any person. I suppose you have heard of the sad death of her brother before this. Mrs Wills came this evening. I haven't seen her but the girls say she is mighty pretty. she has a might sweet little baby too. guess by the time she gets away from here he'll be so cross she can't manage him. I think this day will about finish your sleigh-riding. I was startled half out of my wits the other day by Lucy's saying, Tish, Pa told me to tell you he expected your ma would have to send for you soon. he said you had just been going a riding. Mary had a letter from Nat Wallace the other day. says M rs  Charlie Irvine has a fine boy: I heard about that [unclear: tother ] one. Little Christ but didnt hear whether it was pretty or not. Were you up there at preaching that evening? A great many people think [unclear: Meg's] sister is to be married soon to D r  Trevy. I dont know but shouldn't be surprised if it did come off. By the way I heard M r  McGauley was going down into that neighborhood to go into bisiness. Mary & Annies are writing compositions to-night, stories about young widows in the lone cottage by the sea, appears to be rage with them this time Jinnie Beard had not heard that Nize was married heard though that she was to be & says I suppose when she steps out on the floor she will feel like closing her female eyes..she sent her love to you & Anna said Mary to write her. Now if you dont write & tell me all the news I'll, I'll, well I dont what Ill do. If people ask you how I am getting along down here, you can tell them, very well, when I can take the time and patience to write this much. Write soon and often to your