I resume my notes this morning wondering if any I send in these troublous times will reach you. Yesterday we had another terrible conflict with the enemy. He assaulting our lines for eight hours in vain, being repulsed with heavy losses in every attack. About sun set he massed his troops and made a most furious assault upon our centre, succeeding in driving our men from their works, and capturing 4 pieces of Artillery but it was only a temporary success. Early's division attacked them and drove them back with   our position and recapturing the . Mr. Grant fights with determined obstinancy, but so far with no success. He cannot fight much longer unless reinforced. Every Expedient is adopted to make his men fight- Yesterday before commencing the fight, he issued an order to his troops which I have been informing them that Butler had defeated Confederates near Petersburg and Sherman had whipped Johnston at Dalton, but he cannot persuaded him that he has whipped Genl. Lee and that is the main point. I do not know the extent of our loss. Yesterday Genl. Walker (Heth's aid) and Genl. Hays were wounded. The former losing his foot. The enemy detached his cavalry on Monday and started on a raid towards the . Genl. Stuart pursuing them  hear that they  up to them but how far he will be able to damage them I cannot say. Everyone seems in good spirits. And Confident of final success - I wish it were over. This is the 7th day of the fighting. I saw [unclear: Jim] yesterday - very despondent as usual. I suffered dreadfully with Neuralgia yesterday but feel much better today, have no pain up to this hour - Everything is perfectly quiet this morning. Not a gun has been fired. How long the calm will last I know not. I will add to this unless a courier leaves this morning. P.H.P. May 12th Another bloody day is about closing and still this incarnate strife goes on. We were awakened this morning by the most furious firing I ever heard. The enemy taking advantage of the fog. Charged our left centre and ran over our works capturing some prisoners and 18 pieces of Artillery, but our gallant boys reformed and recovered everything, except the prisoners - don't know how many of them. Among them however was Genl. Ed Johnson and Genl. George Stuart - for eight hours the fight raged with a fury I have never heard surpassed. The enemy attacking our lines again and again, but thanks to the God of battles, every time repulsed with  . A  pray silently for deliverance. As the sun came out about noon and good news came in, I felt better tonight without knowing the extent of our loss. Which however is said to be very light, as our men fought behind breast works. I feel more hopeful - and thankful at least that so far we hold our own. Jack came in this morning brought no letters save a note from Ern - left - all well. The Yankees were in Winchester - he said your brother still spoke of sending your Things.