Shortly after closing my note yesterday we moved our train. The enemy having tried in vain to break our line by fighting, drew off his troops Saturday night towards Frederickburg and Spottsylvania C.H. necessitating a move on our side. And our army during Yesterday marched over here. A fight ensued during the day near here, between Longstreet's Corps and a Corps of the Enemy in which the enemy were repulsed with terrible slaughter.  The march yesterday was awful. The heat and dust were oppressive than I ever felt before and our poor men suffered terribly in hundreds of  they were compelled to   aside their blankets and clothing and numbers dropped by the way side exhausted but they are coming up this morning apparently eager for the fray. This war is a strange thing. Our line of battle this morning, from what I can judge, runs in a direction somewhat parallel to the plank road and at right angles to the line we have been holding and near Spotsylvania C.H.-  I believe a battle is expected, but I do not understand the position of affairs. Our Generals seem in fine spirits and the men also. While eating breakfast this morning Gen. Robert Lee rode by our fire -- "Good morning gentlemen" said he. "I am glad to see you faring so well on ham, eggs, and coffee." As I write they are skirmishing about one mile from where I am sitting. I saw the old Stonewall Brigade yesterday. The Clarke and Jefferson companies lost only a few men wounded. Sam Moore was wounded in the leg and not killed as first reported. Our loss generally has been remarkably light, while that of the enemy has been immense. They say 25000 men. Yesterday many of the prisoners taken were drunk. Their army is doubtless much demoralized but Grant is obstinate and his reputation is at stake. He will fight as long as he can make his men stand to it, but God I trust will give us the first victory.  I have not succeeded in driving off the neuralgia. Suffered all day yesterday - and feel the pain coming on now. I will add to this beforeI end it. Tuesday morning - Nothing but maneuvering and skirmishing ensued yesterday. I remained quiet and feel much better   received your note including that of  and also the bundle of drawers. The  are very  as I have nearly suffocated with heat of late. Am glad to hear you and the babe are more comfortable than when I was with you. We expect a battle today but the enemy may have moved away last night. I wish it were all over. I am sick and tired. And the poor wounded how they suffer. I think my head was [unclear: hurted] yesterday by seeing a poor fellow with the lot of his head shot off. What is my little ailing to suffering like this?