I have the honor to report in compliance with Par. 6 Circular No. 10 C S. from Hd qrs Asst Comr State Va. - that as far as notified I have attended criminal trials in which freedmen were concerned in this sub-Dist during the past month. The trials have chiefly been preliminary hearings before Magistrates and almost without exception where white persons have been parties the decisions have been in their favor - there have been several cases assualts upon freedmen - in not one instance has any satisfaction been given the freedmen it is only by the most strenuous exertions that I can get Magistrates to hear the cases and the results of trials are so unfavorable as to make it better in most instances not to try the case, for instance if the freedman makes complaint and it is clearly proven the Magistrate will probably bind both parties to keep the Peace, then the freedmen must get bail or go to jail for making the complaint. I give the following synopsis of two trials to show the impartiality of the trials the cases are not exceptions, but fair specimens of the rule. Chas K. Saupe (white) vs. Wm Gearing (F) -- Evidence went to prove that Gearing and his wife live in house adjoining and belong to Saupe. Gearings wife had been abused by the wife of Saupe, Gearing, a quiet mulatto, went in a respectful manner to Mrs. Saupe and asked what the difficulty was - She was angry at being questioned by him, "a nigger" - her husband came in and without remark struck Gearing heavily with a chain, three blows - disfiguring his face. Saupe then got the boy Gearing arrested, and swore the peace, the Magistrate binding Gearing to keep the peace, it not having been proven that he committed, or threatened to commit any over act. 2 d  Alexander Props vs. Taylor Dunlap and Robert Dunlap - Trial proved that the parties with the addition of Props brother Charles were working in hay when Chas remarked to one of the white men in a laughing way that he would let the white man take a certain part of the work - at which the white man struck Charles - Robert then remarked come work, don't fight, when the remaining white man struck Robert with Pitch fork after some blows Robert resisted, and came out best in the fight, whereupon the whites together gave him a thrashing, after tea they told their father when the old man unable to find his slave whip, had a number of rods cut, and together the party whipped the boy for having resisted. The case after hearing before County Magistrate, in town was dismissed. It was difficult to get a warrant issued in the case - the white men admitted the statement of the boy, Robert, and also admitted his general good character, still altho' they had threatened him with further punishement no action was taken.