I have the honor to submit the following report of Bureau Affairs in this Sub-Dist for the Month ending October 31st 1866. The freedmen are very quiet seeming to feel that it is the better for them to submit to small inconveniences in order to live peaceably with their white employers - The number of idlers is largely on the increase the working season being nearly at an end; the majority of those who worked by the day must now be unemployed or work for their board during the coming winter. Many families throughout the Counties are now working on the same basis as before their freedom, this will if continued soon bring a large class of them completely dependent upon the will of the whites. This state of affairs is attributable in some degree to the manner in which Slaves were treated here - it seems never to have been the practice to exact the hard labor from them in this portion of the State, exacted through most of the South the consequence is that as a class their labor is not as valuable The fact that there is a great scarcity of money is another cause. The whites claim to be unable to pay high wages, actual monied transactions in everyday business dealings are rare and the enormous rates of interest which money commands would seem to justify a belief in their plea of lack of money. If whites in business transactions cannot trust each other how can it be expected that justice will be done the ignorant freedpeople. The marriage register of the County of Augusta shows more than an average of three children to each married couple. Many of these children are grown, still the system of sale so lately in vogue has left a large proportion of small ones for which the freedpeople are obliged to provide hence the services of the Mother are generally obtained for her board and perhaps a few articles of clothing, or if the family has more than its proportion of children the Mother must have a house to live in and the family be chiefly subsisted by the Father who if a first class hand may obtain from 8 to ten dollars per month for his services with the understanding that the employer shall furnish him with subsistance for his family at Store rates - the amount considered and the prices charged are sometimes curious, and of course indisputable proofs of what can be made way with in a small family. The effect in most instances is to leave the freedman little or nothing to look upon as saved at the end of a year of labor, indeed he may be thankful if he is not in debt. I make the above statement to show the system of labor in this County. I fear the result will be to leave a large class in very destitute circumstances this winter. The system of County taxation seems very [unclear: unjust] the County taxes in this Sub-Dist are altogether poll tax amounting in Augusta Co to three (3) dollars each this bears as heavy upon a poor man as upon a man of property, it is an outside matter but has its effect many of the freedmen call upon me to see about the payment of tax; they seem to think it unjust to pay so much, and many of them have ideas about voting in connection with paying tax, which in time will lead them to demand good reasons for doing one and not the other. It seems to have touched them in a sensitive spot when called upon to pay. The course of politics North is closely watched by them, in this town they are remarkably well posted and I have found that news of that kind spreads through the County very quickly. I am acquainted with one colored man who takes the "Washington Chronicle" and regularly imparts the news to his Color. The freedmen are laboring under many disadvantages now which will require time at least to remove. The prejudice of the white man against allowing any rivalry by the black man must be conquered before the latter can become in the full sense of the word, free.