you are doubtless thinking that I have forgot you but I asshure you that I have not, and have had so much fighting and hard marching to do since we come over here that I haven't had time to do anything. I suppose you have heard all about the fighting in the papers, better than I can tell you, it beat all the fights that I ever was in. I could stand in place and count fifty dead yankees without moving out of my tracks some of them wasn't burried for five  days and some wasn't burried at all I don't believe. The Battle field was a horrible sight. To hear the wounded and dieing moaning and calling for water and for some one to take them away. We layed rite in amongst the dead & wounded in the field that night it was the dreadfulest night I ever spent. Capt. W H Randolph was killed dead and John Bowers & James  also was killed dead. Lieut W H McKinney was wounded after the fight was over by accident. We was left without a oficer Charlie had to take command. I couldn't give you a full account of it for it would take one too long. Lieut Carson has got back we left him at [unclear: Brower's] Gap he is in command and our company is getting small now all that is over thirty five years is getting off that didn't Volinteer or reinlist. I reckon Berry [unclear: Bonty] will get off today or tomorrow if every thing goes right. All the Boys is well as [unclear: common] we had many away sick.  got back the other day and John [unclear: Buret] got back yesterday. I got a letter from home yesterday evening I havent heard from my [unclear: Duck] for some time I expect she has forgotten me but I hope not give her my  when you see her. C W. Mc. is here - he got back some time ago. You ought to see us making black berry pies and eating them I would like to be up there eat some that you bake for I expect you can beat us. There is plenty of Blackberries over here the fields is full of them that is all there is over here we are camped about five miles from Gordonsville. we have a firstrate camp I expect we will stay here awhile if the yankees dont run us out - we come up on the  C.H. and marched from there here. we had a fine shower of rain yesterday morning I must close as it is getting most [unclear: dinner] time write as soon as you can and give me all the news for I am always glad to hear from you. Give my  all inquiring friends and take a portion yourself. Direct your letter to Gordonsville, Jackson's Division 1st Brigade 5th Regiment Va  nothing more at present but still remain