
" Dem sojer troops an' drums you yeahs a-comin' is
ourn. Yas'm, dey is; dey is we all's derwision-troops, an'
hit certainly is scand'lus de way dey is a-playin' music an'
gwine on, an' de folks — de folks, dey is bad ez de sojers, fer
dey is hoUerin' an' cheerin' an' waffin' dar hank'chers an'
apuns an' hats at 'em, jis' lak dey wuz gwine ter a darncin'-
party, bestid er gwine ter dar def-warrants, lak dey is.
'Deed an' 'deed, hit's turrible— 'deed, 'tis. Dey ought ter
be singin' hymns an' prayin' an' sayin' 'amen, Lord — ■
amen!' 'Deed, dey ought."

" Dat hoss Lucy she Marse George's co'tin'-filly; an' you
daresent projick wid dat hoss needer, 'kaze Marse George
iz mos' ez 'especkful to her ez ef she wuz sho'-'nuff real
folks."

" Da mon — Confed — noa mucha good, noa now much
accountable — youa mighta want some; want her vely bad
before you nota get her. Gooda-by, some moa."

" Lawd!
Lawd! Marse Gawge, 'deed an' 'deed, suh, ef I wuz to do
dat I'd be 'bleeged to dribe you smack down ter destruck-
shunment, fer 'fo' de Lawd, suh, de po' ole Spotserd is
dun an' bu'nt up smack down ter de groun' las' night;
yas, suh, dat she did."

'" No, sah, Marse John; no, sah,' said the awe-stricken
servant. • I ain't a-gwine ter, sah, I neber had no notion
er bedoutin' sich a stronagin fack ez dat w'at you jes'
say, nohow, but I 'clar ter gracious now, Marse John, atter
die, I ain't gwine ter let none er Marse Thomas Didy-
muses' tempshus bedoutin' tricks cotch no holt 'pun dis
nigger, fum dis day forward fereber no mo.'
"Once, too, I "

"Shure, and I'll not be having the interfarence of so
many others whose rasponsability I don't be a-wanting;
for the bairn, God save him, was afther being that kissed,
his dinner wouldn't agray with him at all, at all. There
was the cook and John's wife and John and the coachman and that ugly French Lizette (sorra a bit am I to
be rid of her, the vain prig) would be all afther kissing
him until he'd be that sick his milk would curdle in him,
and for the loife of me I couldn't be kaping the clothes
clane on him with all their crumpling and handling; and
it's glad that I am entirely, the saints save us, having him
to mesilf, the blissed child!"
