Your letter of the 15th [unclear: which] I recd last night and am truly thankful that you are so prompt and mindful of your Mother. I was very anxious to hear from you from the fact that it was reported hear that an engagement was begun on Tuesday last, and that it was still going on, at Winchester which I see by your letter is not the case. But it is no use believing any reports now. We are all well here at home, but in great trouble. Every person between the age of 18 & 45 have been drafted and now I am alone with a house full of children. All your friends about here will start for Staunton on Saturday morning next. What their destination is when they get here, is unknown, some say Strasburg and others say out West, to support our troops near Beverly - the last report is that the Enemy has fallen back on Beverly. We are very near the Enemy now. Joseph I. Ruff goes as captain of the Militia from here. I am sorry to hear of your sickness and hope if you are not able to join your Co. soon, that you will get a furlough & come and see me. It is impossible to tell you the distress of mind I am in. It is hoped they will send the Militia back as soon as the states quota is obtained. There is not much news stirring all is preparation for war. Many of our people are unable to get up their grain oats & hay so sudden in the draft. If the powers that be had put it off in these hills for 2 weeks our people would have been better prepared to leave and would have left in better spirits, but as it we must bear it but the Urgency of the measure possibly would not admit of it. Crops are all of the very best. Corn is growing finely. Let me hear from you & Charles as often as you can spare the time to write, tell that lady you were staying with that my prayers shall ever be raised to heaven for her, in response to the care bestowed upon you. And if she should ever visit this part of our state, no one would welcome her with more gladness than myself. May providence shield her in these [unclear: tremblous] times and from all harm. Pa and the children all send their love to you, and your friends Every where. Sallie B. is still slowly improving.  Col. Cameron was accidently shot yesterday in Lexington, he was shot dead. A passenger was getting out of the stage, with a Minnie Rifle and the hammer struck upon the side of the door, and caused it to explode, it struck the Col. in the upper part of the Breast where the Neck is joined to the body, passing entirely through his body. It struck Dr. McClung's son Wm. age 14 years on the side of the head penetrating the skull & passing through, wounded a Gentleman in the arm - this is all that I have learned of the sad Casualty, the little boy died shortly after. So much for the careful use of Fire arms. Well, I have written up all my paper I will close hoping to hear from you soon as it is my greatest consolation. Tell Charles to write when you see him. My love to him and yourself