I have thought it a long time to hear from you & I concluded to drop you a few lines to know how you were getting along badly I am afraid since you got home to your Granmas for I know you have not that good attention that you had when you were at Mr. Baylors. Knowing that there was now one at Granmas to attend to your wounds as they had been attended to. But I hope, that you have met with some kind friend there who will wait on you well. We are all tolerable well now but Abram & Christian have been very sick. Abram had the dyptheria last week he is not able to do any thing yet so I have been very busy you may know waiting on them. I would have like to have come to have seen you if I could have done so before now. I received the package from Miss Mary Baylor after you left with the coat & buttons also from a letter from her, stating how you were & that they missed you very much, was the last account that I had from you. Miss Mary is a very nice girl & I do not know how you will ever compensate for your her kindness to you. I am in hope that God will reward her for her kindness towards a soldier. I received a letter from your brother John last week he was very well He wanted one flannel shirt badly. I have it ready for him now. I sent him since I came home one pr slips one shirt & 1 pr socks. He wrote to me he did not want his pants until later in the season towards Spring. We heard on yesterday that the old Stonewall Brigade was in Staunton. I hope it is so, so that, I can send him a box of provisions & his shirt. I have it all ready for him.. Charlie your coat is done & finished yesterday ready for you to wear. I would like to know if Granma is going to give you a pair of pants or not, if she is I will not make yours now, for I will run short myself. I have to give Jonnie a pair, I would like to know how you are to get your coat, I think you had better try to come after it as I would like to see you very much. Give my love to your Granma & to Edgar's girls, tell Uncle Kemp he must save my ham of meat for me, that it is a long time a coming but it will be mighty good when I get it. Write to me very soon Charlie as I am very anxious to hear from you. I am looking for a letter from Miss Mary this week. The family all join in sending love & accept a portion from your mother. Come soon nothing more but remain your Mother until death,