As I have not heard from you for so long I thought that I would drop you a few lines to let you know that we are well & hope this will find you well also. I have looked for you till I have given you out I suppose you will not be out this spring at all I had heard the death of Mother Doak I was truly sorry to hear of her death but was not surprised at all as she was so old & frail. how long was she sick did she die suddenly & was she resigned to go. hope you & Charles were with her in her last hours how I would like to have seen her before she died still thought I would have gotten over to have seen her before she died. hope she is at rest & now with those loved ones that have gone long before her. How is Aunt Polly did she take her death hard & suppose her mind will be a great deal worse that ever I have not news to write you Mary I hope you & Charles will come over & see us soon I think he might bring you over & leave you with me a while two or three weeks anyhow Maggie Clayton & myself are coming to see you next month I suppose about the middle or the last of the month you may look for us. she is going on a trip to Greenbrier & as soon as she returns we will come. How does Charlies wheat look that he labored so hard last fall I hope & pray that he may reap something after his hard labor give my love to the family, Allie sends her love to you & Charlie, also Abram & the children, give my kindest regards to Charlie & ask him to write to me I hope to hear from you very soon. I have company here today a nephew & niece of Abram's they have been lately married. Mary we are about to lose all of our good neighbors, Mrs Campbell is going to Mississippi next fall, Mrs McLaughlin has gone some five or six miles from us to Mt Agnes to live hope you will get to see Mrs Campbell before she leaves I have been quite busy this spring have just got done making soap & dying my Black wool a very pretty black I have now got it to pick I wish you were here to help me. I have an old black woman living with me but she is very little help to me I have nearly all the work to do, my paper is nearly give out & I will have to stop. Jimmie Furr has been with us for two months Abram hired him for a short time. hoping to hear from you soon & close