Not having an opportunity to send my Letter off I have concluded to add a few lines at my leisure this morning as I think I can send off today. I intended writing you yesterday, dear Rachel, but circumstances did not suit. After getting through with breakfast I proposed to Marcus Irwin to go to church and we did so and had an excellent sermon too. After church I became interested in a book and read until dark. Jimmy, Marcus, Mr. Hawse and myself then concluded we would go over to a house near camp and sit a few moments in order to return thanks for kindness received from the family (as they had sent us a pie, milk and apples). We had scarcely taken our seats until in came his daughter screaming that their barn was on fire. And so it was and we ran to it but too late to save the poor horses. Four of them consumed and all of his hay, straw, corn, wheat, farming tools, wagons and harness, carriage and harness, and everything useful about a farm. It was the greatest difficulty that we saved his house. Poor family. I feel so sorry for them and oh the distressed look of some of its members last night still are fresh in my mind. It was the result of carelessness on the part of someone smoking or else the work of an incendiary. It was a pity indeed to see the destruction of property and suffering of the poor horses. I learn that Rosser reports by courier this morning the success of his expedition, having taken the Garrison at Beverly consisting of over 500 Yankees, a large quantity of stores of different kinds, etc. They will return today. He lost 5 men killed and 15 wounded. None from this Reg't. I am glad to inform you that I rec'd a Letter yesterday from John and he is once more at work in his office with the prospect of remaining. He will not be called out until in the Spring, if at all. I am truly glad to know it and trust if the necessity arises for your going to R. it may tend to render your visit more pleasant. I think in my next letter I can give you some positive idea of what you can depend on, and then if you think best to go to R. you can do so. I will know, I suppose, if Capt. H. is going off and what I can depend on. If you go out take my suit and the other coat, too, that you made the 1st year of the war. I will need it next winter. I will close again and hope to send out and if not will add more.