About an hour since I rec'd your kind Letter written at "Milton Valley," 26th ulto, and mailed at Luray Jan'y 3rd. I was truly glad to hear from you dear Rachel for I have thought so much of you today from some cause. Not withstanding I have been busy writing all day yet thoughts of home and the dear ones there would continually flit across my mind. I took a long walk just before dark and ascended a steep hill where I took a seat and surveyed the country around and conversed in thought with you and the dear little ones. I even tried to bring my views to a close about going to Mr. B.'s, but really I could not decide. I sometimes have fears as to putting someone to loss or suffering of some kind. This I do not wish and then I think I could pay the visit too without danger. Our Command is now over at Beverly and will return next week when I shall put in for a Furlough of 15 days. In the meantime you can make your arrangements to go to R. and if I do not notify you of my coming to Mr. B's. I will notify you about the time you had better go to Richmond. I may conclude to come there and I may determine otherwise. The fact is Capt. H. expects to be gone himself in February as he expects Mrs. H. out everyday. He has put in for a 30 day leave. I cannot go in his absence, but I am in hopes to get off in Feb'y. If not you must be contented until sometime in March. I think you will be in time before R. "falls" or is "evacuated" either. I want to get home on account of seeing the dear little children too, and I have sometimes thought I had better keep the Furlough until the way is clear next summer. An order came here since Rosser left on the Raid to get all his command together that Gen'l Lee wanted more Cavalry and if so it is thought as soon as he gets back we will be ordered again to Petersburg. I am disposed to think we will remain though as Lomax's Division has gone there. I don't mean Lomax's old Brigade but the new Division. It is thought that Lomax going will obviate the necessity for Rosser going too on his return. If we do go I can afford to see you in R. better then than at home I suppose. What arrangements do you propose making in going? How do you expect to get out? And how to return? And who is to accompany you and all about it? Let one know how you intend doing for I do not want you to travel about alone or unprotected. Give me all your plans and I will let you know at what time to execute them. Keep all quiet, though, relative thereto. I am sorry to see you had your ride on Christmas Day for nothing. I suppose the man will not return until Spring, if at all. A great many of the men are off in the same way - almost desertion. There has been no disbanding of this or any Reg. in our Brigade. Companies have been sent on Detached service thus affording opportunities to get home, but no general disband of any. I have been quite lonely for 4 or 5 days since the Command went over the Mountain. Capt. H. has gone off for 8 or 10 days on a frolic. Jimmy is off all the time hunting Corn and I am left alone in camp. I have had very good company for 3 days lately as Marcus Irwin (Geo. C. Blake - More's nephew) came here and is staying with me. He is just from Front Royal and belongs to 7th Reg. but has no companion there now that they have gone over the mountain and came over to stay with one several days. He is quite a nice young fellow and improved much. Tell Johnny to tell Geo. Carter that Marcus is well, having entirely recovered from his wound. We sent Henry out to hunt as some good  for dinner today and he got some Pie and Pickle which we relished much. I enjoyed the can of fruit you sent me very much dear Rachel. My boots are a fit and I thank you so much for your kindness dear Rachel, as my others were about played out. I drew a pair of pants the other day and had them altered and am now pretty comfortably clad. If you see a first-rate opportunity to send the suit, do so, either to Mr. Nunn at Harrisonburg or Mr. Bibb at Charlottesville or John at Richmond. Don't fail as you might not go to R. yourself. I rec'd the socks, gloves and vest sent by Henry K. for which accept thanks. Thought I had mentioned receiving them. John is still in the trenches and there is no telling whether he will be released or not. I know he has a hard time and much to undergo. His salary as clerk has not been stopped yet. Lucy seems well provided for so far. She wrote once that she needed a couple of barrels of flour, and wanted me to try and supply her again, but I find it an utter impossibility to do so. Early has issued orders that no supplies can be sent from the valley. Tell dear little Justa that Pa is glad to know she is knitting him a pair of suspenders. He will need them about the time she finishes. About next winter would do if she can get them done by that time. I hope, too, that she and Lilly are trying hard to learn so that they can write Pa. Tell Oscar I read the Letter he wrote me and I am glad to see he has not forgotten his Pa. Ask him if he wants to come and see me again. I think though, the next visit will have to be made by Lilly as he and Justa both came out to see me and Lilly has never had an opportunity. Dear little things, how I would love to see them all once more together and be permitted to remain at home without fear of the Yankees. That is one reason I am so slow about deciding to go to Mr. B.'s. I consider that if I should get there and lock myself up in a house a few days, what pleasure or satisfaction would it afford? Admitting that I might get in and out without capture, what satisfaction would there be in it? I have not forgotten yet what a dreadful time I had last Fall when I came from Petersburg and laid around to no purpose. But if I conclude to come I will let you know, and if not will notify you in time to go to R. A few weeks more will develop the plans and enable me to make some calculation about it. There is to be a general reorganization of the Army I see and Companies and Regiment to be consolidated. There is no telling what disposition may be made of us soon. We may be thrown into some other command and a complete change of Reg't and Brigade. Gracious only knows what is to become of us. But many changes must take place. You seem to be very despondent and think "the South is nearly done." But while I admit that everything is apparently dark and not very encouraging, yet my dear Rachel "the South is not nearly done," but I fear and shudder because of the suffering yet to be endured by the people, and particularly women and children. There is no stopping of this war by the Southern people, and as long as a man can be raised to shoulder a gun it will be prosecuted and defended on the part of her people. If not on the present scale, it will be by falling back from State to State until the last man is subdued. You may rest assured of this, that unless the Yankee government desist from their purpose of subjugation, this war will never end. It is sad though, yet much more suffering than we have yet endured is to befall us all I am afraid. We are to realize the fact that we are engaged in war and that to yield will only make our condition far worse. I would much prefer now to see us thrown under the protection of the French government and as a consideration for her protection pay tribute of some kind. But I suppose our authorities know more that I on the subject and so long as my family are not in a starving condition I shall trust for this war to cease upon honorable terms and not other. No submission to tyrants has ever been our motto as Virginians. If the cause of the South is lost, all freedom of thought and speech is lost and we go back into the old monarchical forms of government. May the Almighty deliver us from our enemies and establish right and justice once more upon the earth, after passing through this terrible ordeal, is my only hope and prayer. He will stop this war in His own time and in His own way. But I will close on this subject with the hope that you may all suffer as little as possible and that ere long the bright days of Peace may come and "we may be permitted to sit under our own vine and fig tree without any to make us afraid." I am glad to see you have a woman and who is she? There will be danger of her communicating my visit to the Yanks if she knew I had such an idea, would there not? I have heard nothing from my papers about being detailed in my present place. Suppose all will go on so until the Army is reorganized. Have heard nothing of Capt. H.'s application to be relieved here but suppose will do so as soon as the Command get back. Col. Funster has  and the new Commander of the Reg't will no doubt have a preference of  master. The officer  of the Reg't think I will get the place but I have my doubts, as I cannot swear and drink quite enough suppose. These are great qualifications for promotion now and I regret that it is so in the Army. Kiss the dear little children for me and remember me kindly to all the family. Do the little children miss dear little Da much and talk about him? Instruct their little minds as much as you can find time to, Rachel. May Heaven bless each and all of you.