I hear of a reliable opportunity of sending a Letter if I can convey it to Staunton by Monday morning and a gentleman alike interested with myself has concluded to go in tomorrow and take the Letters. This is a disagreeable day indeed - has been hailing and raining all day. Did you ever know much more severe winter weather than we have had since 1st November? It has been very cold here and I trust will soon improve, for mild weather to a soldier is truly desireable. We are now very quiet in camp as there are not many of the men present - mostly sent off on detachments where they can feed and enjoy the comforts of home and do duty also. As to their several localities, prudence would not allow me to designate. We are still in the old camp at Swope's Depot - can feed here several weeks yet. I have often wished I had you at a private house convenient to camp where you and the dear little ones could feel contented and satisfied. But it is the greatest difficulty to get such favors of strangers. Charity seems to have played out now, and all are for taking care of no. 1. I think people should feel for those who are deprived of seeing their families and put themselves to some little trouble to accommodate under such circumstances. But the people all seem to be against the army, for the reason that they think the army of government is against them, because of taking surplus Forager etc. from them. Well, let this feeling continue much longer and we are a gone up Confederacy as certain as the sun shines. "A house divided itself cannot stand." The cause of the Confederacy is to me now darker the ever heretofore, but as McCawber says "I hope something will soon turn up," calculated to encourage us and tend to discourage our enemies. I can see no prospect but to make war a business of life, for subjugation of our large armies will only tend to fill every part of our country with Bands of Guerrillas engaged in most desperate and uncivilized warfare. No man can feel safe on confiscated property and such a reign of terror will exist here as was the case in Kansas a few years since. I hope the senses of the people will come to them soon and that laying aside leading men who are fighting for military fame the people will have the matter referred to them and peace follow as a result therefrom. But I suppose that the Great Ruler of Events will bring this war to a close in His own time and way. Let us try and exercise patience and trust that all will yet be well. Rachel, Mrs. Phillips will come out about 1st February and I am directed by Mr. P. to say that you must take my clothes to her and she will bring them to Staunton and he will immediately notify me where they are. Says he will leave them at a safe place. He also says you must take them to her pretty soon and she may come in a few days after you get this. Their Battery is disbanded and she will spend the time here with her Husband at a relative's. Maybe you can make arrangements to return with her, but I suppose she will not remain long enough for that. If I knew positively whether Mrs. H. was coming out I could tell you what to do. Capt. H. will know soon if she is coming and if she is coming out I can tell you what arrangements to make in case I conclude not to come to Mrs. B's. Let me know what Mr. B. says on the subject and also Mr. L.'s opinion on the subject. Hess started this morning to go home. He will have to be careful I think. Will Amanda go with you if you come out? If you think best to leave all the children at home, do so. I would love to see them and if I conclude even to visit Mr. B's would it be prudent for them to come and see me? Would it be advisable for me to come home one night or go to Mr. B.'s and send you word? Be cautious in your Letter in answer to this in case it should miscarry. I just had a talk with Capt. H. He writes. He writes by the same opportunity for Mrs. H., if she has not yet started and can make suitable arrangements, to come out with Mrs. P. Now if you can find out from Mrs. P. whether Mrs. H. is coming out at all in the next 5 or 6 weeks, and you can make arrangements to accompany Mrs. P. I can join you at Staunton and go on to R. and return with you by the time Mrs. P. wishes to go home. You see Mrs. P. comes in her own conveyance and will stay about Staunton some 4 weeks which would enable you to get home again. Now if after consultation with Mrs. P. you and Amanda can arrange so that she will take you back again, it will be a good arrangement and I would advise you to do so with out any regard to my coming to Mr. B.'s. Now recollect provided that Mrs. H. is not coming out. This you must know positively for if she comes out I cannot leave camp for a month as Capt. H. has put in for a Furlough of 30 days expecting her out from Letters last received. They were written, though, early in Dec. and he does not know whether she is coming or not. It would be well enough to know from Mrs. P. if she has friends along the route and at Staunton you could stay with until I came in and went with you to R. Mr. P. will accompany her out - you can find out all from her. If you should come you can hear of someone in Staunton belonging to the Brigade who will send one a note - if not telegraph me of your arrival there to Swope's Depot or else telegraph me from Harrisonburg to meet you in S. I shall put in for a Furlough in a few days. By the way, I expect to go to Richmond next week to return in 5 days, on business for the Reg't. An application for papers to pass me went up to Gen's Early today. If approved by him I shall go about Friday or Saturday next. I wish you were here to go with me. I have [heard] nothing from Capt. H. being transferred from here. I am disposed to think his papers will be disapproved and he remain as Q.M. of the Reg't. He felt very certain of his change when I wrote you on the subject - indeed everyone thought so, but military life is very uncertain in all its branches. How are all the dear little children? Oh, how I should love to be with my family once more in quiet and without fear of Yankees. When I think of our nice happy home, surrounded as I was by an affectionate wife and cheerful happy children, another contrast with my situation in these dreary woods, my heart almost breaks. But these trials are, I feel, for some good and wise purpose and I try to bear up under these all as cheerfully as my nature will admit. If you do not come with Mrs. P. and you can be assured of the safety send the clothes - and I will probably put them on and come down to Mrs. B.'s early in Feb'y. Will close now and write a few more lines in the morning. If the children are not entirely well don't think of leaving home. If Mrs. H. does not come soon and as soon as my furlough comes, if I hear you are not coming with Mrs. P., I think it very likely I will try and meet you at Mr. B.'s. I prefer to do that in case I could find feed for a horse at Mr. B.'s. Let one know what I must do in your next. So many people going home have really almost made me conclude to risk it.