It is with pleasure that I can this morning seat my self to drop you a few lines. My health is very good, & spirits are good, & hope that these fiew lines come to hand you may be enjoying the same unaccountible blessing. We all arrived safely hear last Monday. I know not how long we will remain in harpers ferry. Now I dont care for it is a very dull plase. The ladies look so sour that I never speak to any of them. Thare are no beauties in the burg. On our way to the burg the Ladies of evry villige cheered us onward by thare smiles & waves. Miss Fannie Lincoln presented our company with a secession Flag. I seen her put did not no her as we pushed on so past in our press waggons we had to travel all day last Sunday which seemed very hard in old Jackson. I almost fell in love with a girl the way I happened to get acquainted with her was I had proke one of my straps that held my scabbard & I just went & asked her to sow it for me if she pleased. She very kindly said she would & before the lady had finished it a dozen of my fellow solders had joined around me, the Ladies all along the road seemed so pleasant that it it cheered us onward thare hankerchiefs ware continually waveing & we generally gave them three loud cheers. Thare are so many rumers afloat that I can not say what we may hafter do. John is very well and seemd to enjoy him self very well. I hope that if it is Gods will that we may all arrive safely at home ere long. Dear Cate I should like to exspress my self freely to you. It was my intention to show you the hidden love that I always felt for you the Sadurday that you left Mr. Burkholders put I was disappointed in my plans. And it may be well for the love I have for you might have been blasted & treated with disregard, but oh Cate I shall ask one thing of the that is your prayers that I may with stand the wilds and temptations of the devil, that I may  upward & onward & may  the heavenly city with all the blood washed thong that crowed the [unclear: corts ] of the new Jerusalem. I must bring this uninteresting letter to a close.