I recieved your kind and much welcomed letter a fiew days since and was glad to hear from you. I should have answered it sooner put we have been mooving from plase to plase for the last two weeks & hardly ever neer a Post office & to day I am Twenty five miles from one put I have concluded to write at any rate hoping that I might have a chance of sending it before long. My health is very good and I hope theese uninteresting lines may find you enjoying the same blessing. Cous. Jas. V. is well and harty. Your friend J.P. Lightner was hear yesterday eavning he belongs to the Rockbridge Collige boys it is a fine company he said when he got to Strawsburg it was reported that we ware fighting in Winchester & when he got thare he hurd that we ware fighting in Martinsburg & he pushed on and when he got thare he was told we ware fighting at our encampment it seemes that it does some persons good to lie just to keep up the excitement put it will not be long I hope untill we shall soundly whip the deamons of the North for the bloodthirsty villions has invaded our soil at different points & taken property & surched the houses for money. I cannot write any thing to day that will interrest you it being Sunday & to see no change in the soldiers if one did not keep the account of the days he would not know when Sunday comes. Some of the men are blaying cards, oh that men would fear the lord more & searve him better. Sam Fitch has to go on duty this morning for an our or two & he looks mad I reckon he thinks he is violating the Sabbath put it is not his fault. I have had good luck I have not had to go on duty on Sunday yet. I had to stop writing for a little while as one of my mess wanted in his box he took out his Bible and I opened it & commenced reading at the sixty third psalmn and read three or four Chapters they seemed to revive my low spirits I shall ever put my trust in the lord who is able to do what so ever he will. You asked me to send you my likeness to you I will the first opportunity though it will not be a good one for I am purnt almost black with the sun. I do not know when I may have the opportunity of having it taken. I must bring this uninterresting letter to a Close hoping that it may not be long untill I may get back to old Augusta give my love to all inquiring friends remember me when in the hours of your devotion if no whare else.