I recieved your letter a fiew days since. and it was with pleasure to me to open it & peruse over its contents. It was with sorrow that I read of the death of Miss Kate Hall & Miss Sarah McCadden but our loss is thare eternal gain. Miss Kate was my most intimate friend while I lived in Greenville. I saw a piece in the Newspaper Composed about Miss Kate I Judged that Mr. Monroe was its auther, it was a very good piece. Your Brother John has been sick for three or four days & has gon to the hospital in Winchester. I hope he may soon recover his former health. I think he is taking the fever. Your Cousin Abe has been complaining for some time past, but looks harty at present. Brother John has returned from the hospital, he was sent to Richmond, I was very glad to see him as I could'nt hear from him he had the Typhoid fever & looks quite thin yet he has not reported for duty yet. I got a pass to go to Winchester the other day evry thing is very  The town is not crowded like it was in the spring. I will try & give you a short account of our march to the Valley. Our Company was on piket that morning had very little or nothing to eat; we recieved orders about ten oclock A.M. to pack up & march to camp a distance of two miles when we got thare evry thing was packed up & ready to march. We had to carry our plankets & overcoats. The regaments was formed at half past twelve & took up the line of march at one oclock. We got to Manassas about five o'clock & rested thare a while, then marched to the Junction & loaded our bagage on the cars. We did'nt get started before nine we ware packed in the cars like cattle we had no seats but the bagage, and those on top of the cars ware exsposed to the cold & Sam one of Capt Roberts men fell of the cars & was brused so that he died next morning it was said that he was drunk & walked of the top of the cars, we got to Strawsburg about daylight unloaded our bagage cooked of our breakfasts & started for Winchester it rained hard all day. I do believe that one forth of the regament ware drunk we had gotten in about three quarters of a mile of Winchester when we recieved orders to turn round & go a mile & camp  & officers refused to obey the order, the Colonel swore he would be obeyed & drew his soard & ordered his Brother to foward his Comp, but he would not move so the Colonel ordered him under arrest & told Simbs to take the Command of the Comp & the Lieut. refused to obey the order. Capt Harman then went out and talked to the Col. he had understood that we had to go back to Newtown a distance of five miles. As soon as he learned better he ordered his comp to moove of, & the regament followed. I was smartly excited at the time of the fracus the Col struck one of Harmens men, with his soard a grate many of the men ware getting out catriges others fixing thare bayonets. I exspected nothing but a big row as the Col. is not loved by any of his men. I know you are tired of this uninterresting letter. My health has been very good till late. I have had the head ache with chills & fevers. I hope though it may soon ware of. I hope theese fiew lines may find you enjoying health & happiness. Excuse me for not writing sooner & I will try and do better next time. You said you wanted to know if I kneeded any socks I have three or four good pair but would recieve a pair from your hand with the gratest pleasure. I wrote to your Paw about [unclear: a pair] of pants. Give my respects to all enquireing friends. Nothing more at present.