I have taken the presant opportunity of writing time, to write you a fiew lines for the purpose of answering your last letter which I recieved a fiew days since. You wrote as if I was trifling with your good nature. I would rather fall in the cause of our country than to blindfold you in any way. You ware mistaken in seeing a letter of mine to Miss Hiss as you stated. I recolect well at the last of my letter to her I had.- from your devoted friend and if you do'nt believe me I only ask you to look at it again none but Sam Fitch new my motive in writing her that letter it was for his benifit she had lost confidence in him, on account of some lies that had been told on him about her. Shee wrote to me stating that I was in Sams presance when he talked about her. She said that if the things ware true she was done with Sam for ever. It was all a lie that some of his enimies had [unclear: made] on him, through Sams persuasion I tried to write a forcible letter for I new that Sam still loved her. & I am sertain that she once loved him. I suppose if she was my devoted lover I would have written to her since wich I have never done. Very proberably this will be hard to believe put it is eaven so; your advice is good but in no way. I do'nt think that I have tried to fool any one & God forbid that I should. I have had  blues ever since I recieved  letter. I used to think that  nature was to strong to  be subject unto grief but alas it is far from it. Thare are no news of importance to write. Our regament was on piket last week. I could see the dome of the Capital in Washington City on masons hill I could see vessels going up and down the Potomac at Alexandria. I could see the Yankee fortifications to the right of Alexandria. I couldent get to look through the spy glass. Capt said he could see the Yankees working on the breastworks. Capt counted eighteen pieces of canon on one of thare earth work entrenchments. I was the first one to discover after  ware put on post a large balloon up in the direction of Washington that had climed a large white oak tree for the purpose of getting a good view of the country thare was some shooting evry day that we ware thare; we could hear the Yankee drumbs beating evry night the last two or three days it was very rainy weather. We had blenty of rosting ears while we ware at Pagets tavern thare was a large field of Yankee corn close. We had to fall back about three miles before our time was out as the Yankees ware advancing but I believe it was done to draw them on. Nothing more but remain your affectionately. Write soon