As I have not hurd from you for a long time, I have seated my self this beautifull Sabbath morning for the purpose of dropping you a fiew lines. I have been looking for a letter from you for some time past. Indeed, I have not recieved a from Augusta for the last three weeks. I begin to think that I am [unclear: uttrably] forsaken no one can tell the pleasure that it affords, a poor soldier on recieveing a letter from his friends & acquaintances. It enlivens his mind & makes him energetick in performing his duties thre is not news of interrest to write our advance pickets are in two miles of the Arlington highths night before last Stuards Cavelry seen thare advance guard across the river. Colonel Stuard said he was in two miles of Washington thay took fifteen or twenty Prisoners. John Plunket went down to fairfax Court house he said he had an interview with some of the Prisoners two Lieutenants & some privates thay said thay ware glad that they had been taken prisoners for thay did not care which way the victory went that thay had been forced to come on the soil of Va. thay said that old Abe promest to keep them in the city for to protect it and after he got them thare he made them go whare ever he pleased. I have now doubt that thare will be a forward moovement on our side before long. Artilery is going down almost evry day it is said that we can burn Alexandria Georgetown & part of Washington from halls hill, that was taken the other night it is said that we can knock the Washington Aquiduct all to pieces. The red flag waves in full view of the white house evry day I reckon that it is very provoking to old Abe, when he takes his spy glass & looks over into Virginia and thare see what he cauls the rebel flag waving write under his nose. We just hurd that we would have to move down the road about four miles. I am glad ove it though we will be laveing a very nice camp and a healthy one. We will be neerer the enimy. Thare are three men walking up and down our regament carriing thare napsacks as a punishment for thare misconduct. I would as leaf be shot I believe thare is grate injustice done to our Company since the battle of the 21th of June, enought to break our Com. up but hope it will not have that affect for I hope yet to see the Augusta Grays march back to Greenville after peace is made. I would like very much to see you and open my hold heart to you put some times I think you care nothing for me what ever, then it cannot be that lover so pure can be treated with coldness thare seems yet a happy future spread out before me. And I shall enjoy the Camy prize of freedom. I must soon bring my letter to a close. My health is very good & hope this short letter will find you enjoying good health. Your Brother is well and harty my Brothers are both well your friend James V. is well & harty. Give my respects to all inquireing friends. I ask an interrest in your prayers that I may hold out faith full untill the end. Write soon as I am ever ancious to hear from you.