I seat my self once more for the purpose of pening you a fiew lines. I arrived safely in camp on the 21 and have been improveing in health ever since. We have a very nice camp and the water is very good. Our Comp numbers sixty odd at presant; more than we have had presant for some time past. I hope providence may smile on our armies and bless us with health. I found Brother John looking badley again. I was fearful he was taking the fever but think he is somewhat better today. Charles has returned to the camp at last he was to see grand ma. he says he had a grate deal of pleasure. I tried to shame him for treating us all so badley by not writing. he wrote home to day for the first time for the last six months I believe; We have to drill twise a day. Mr. Robt Taylor recieved his discharge to day being over thirty five years of age. he has been a good soldier and I am glad to see him get of honerably. Our Regt. has a Chaplain at last he is a Baptist thare was prayer meeting last night & night before. I hope & pray that his teachings may be a benefit to the Regt. & that many may give them selves over unto the true & living God. Our Chaplains name is Warters he is a very good preacher. Well Kate I had a wanderfull time Sadurday night of the [unclear: 19] hunting for deserters we all enjoyed our selves finely serrounding the houses & charging the dogs. We arrested Frank Taylor & brought him as far as Peter Hights; and left him in the charge of Isaac Vines & George Hight untill I could go home & return. About sun up he asked permission to go down to Mr Faubers, a half miles distant. Hight granted his request & Vines went with him. He had not been thare long before he told Ike he wanted to go in annother room to see Mr Fauber who was sick Ike thought all was right & let him go alone & then he made his escape. Ike after looking around for him returned aloan. I had been waiting nearly an hour. We all laughfed at Ike and told him he was a bad sentinel. Well Kate I came away & forgot my presants but I hope and pray the day may not be very far distant when I may return & recieve from thee a richer & nobler blessing thy hand & heart. Oh dear Kate with out thee evry thing would be dark & dreary. I would rise up in the morning & lie down at night with out having any one to whisper the breathings of a pure and umble heart. I must bring my letter to a close. Write soon. My prayer is that you may be blest with all the mercies of our  God.