I recieved your much wellcomed letter last week & was glad to hear from you. My health is very good at present & hope theese fiew lines may find you enjoying the same blessing. We have had annother very hard battle on the ninth of this month. I suppose you have hurd the perticulars before this. Brother John was slightly wounded in the early part of the engagement. Charles was hurt in the hand with his ramrod while loading his gun thay ware both sent to the hospital at Sharlottesvill our loss was estimated at six hundred killed & wounded. The enimies at three thousand. Our Brigade recieved a grate deal of praise for its bravry on the battle field. It sertainly did act nobly your Brother was not very well and was excused by the Sergeon & stayed back with the waggons, he did not have the good luck of being in the fight he has got right well again & I hope his health may continue to be good for we all miss him when he is sick or absent. We captured four or five hundred prisoners & two pieces of canon. I was glad to hear Mr Burkholder health was improveing & hope he may soon recouver his former strenghth you referd me to a piece of poetry I well remember but it has been a long time since I wrote it, & if you recieved any lately it was not from me nor have I the least idea who gave it to you. I am sorry I did not get to see you & Lizzie the Sunday I left it was late when I got to Greenville & I went down to Mr. Burk & then to Mr. Newton's and by that time  was out. Orders just come for us to cook two days rations I suppose we will hafto march to morrow. General Lee was at gordonsville to day. Yesterday was thanksgive day in our Army for the Merciful kindness God showed towards us in the battle of Ceder Creek. I hope the God of battles may still crown us with sucksess in future engagements. I would like very much to be up in Augusta now & gos a whirtleberrying. I know I could have a grate deal of pleasure. I suppose Sam Fitch has been down a half dozen times by this time. Me and Sam are not as intimate as we was once he treated me very kindly when I was at home he has a smooth tongue & seems to be a real ladies man. Dear Kate I have nothing to write that will interrest you. I cannot write a good letter so you must not exspect one from me my friend J.V. sends a note in my letter. My respects to all the family.