Once more I have the privilege of dropping you a fiew lines. My health is very good & I hope theese fiew lines may find you enjoying the same blessing. For the last two or three days we have been exspecting a fight. The enamy advanced on our cavelry last Sunday at Culpeper C.H. & drove them back after a sleght engagement to the Rapidan River. We recieved orders Sunday night at one OClock to cook one days rations & be ready to march at day light early Monday morning we ware marched down below O.C.H. for to await further orders. The enamy crossed the Rapidan at Raccoon ford. Gen Early with his devision drove them back I suppose it was nothing more than a Yankee raid trying to reconoiter our strengthe & position. Thare is many rumers afloat I know we are not settled yet I would not be serprised if we dont go to Fredericksburg evry thing seems to indicate a change of base. The grater portion of Longstreets corps; if not all; has left us for some point not known to me now Capt G. arrived yesterday evning with eight men; a heavy reinforcment for our com. We have the largest company in the Regt some fifty odd reported for duty. The boys all seem cherfull; & willing to meet the enamies of our country on any field to dispute our rights with them I hope we may go back to our old camp & remain thare untill the weather gets colder & I fear to if we go on a long march that I could not stand it on account of my toe We had preaching evry night while we ware in camp The Rev. Mr Taylor of Staunton preached to us Monday evening I believe thare ware more than five thousand soldiers gathered under the sound of his voice eagerly listening to the words of light & life that seamed to flow from his lips at the same time we could hear the booming of the distant canon while he preached I prayed that the holy spirit might fall on us, as it did on the children of iseral on the day of pentecost & that thousands might thare make thare peace with God. Dear Kate when you recieve this no doubt you will say cold; so cold; but I would not have you think thus for thare is not a beat of my pulce but beats true to thee. O how often I think of the past when you ware by my side; my arms encircling you waist & you sweet lips gently prest to mine than I was happy; yes happy; as the gay warbler whilst they are singing thare notes of praise to thare maker I must soon close your Br is well I had a notion to close him up in his box & send him home awhile to his fond & loving sisters my love to all good by my best & dearest Kate