I recieved your letter a few days past. Was truly glad to hear from you. This is a cold wet dreary morning. We mooved our camp yesterday eavning about three hundred yards we just got our bunks up in time for the chance of weather. The President was going to review  will be put off on account of the inclemency of the weather. I had intended writing soon but squire Newton came down a few days ago & I concluded to send a letter or two by him. He starts for home tomorrow. We have been mooving about almost continually since I last wrote to you. We mooved to within six or seven miles of Orange C.H. & erected our selves rough cabins thinking we would stay in them for the winter but only had the pleasure of staying in them two or three nights then mooved to the front & commenced throwing up breastworks which we have nearly completed now. It is reported hear that Gen. Ewell our corps commander is dead. If it be so I am sorry for he was a good Gen also a pious man. I was very sorry to hear of the death of Uncle James. Oh I cannot but reflect about him, for two well I know if he died as he lived he could have no hope in eternity. I hope he changed his ways & found peace in our Saviours love; before the brickle thread of live was broken. You may well imagine how sadly we miss our beloved capt. When I look and see, we have none capable of filling his blace in the camp. I can hardly help from complaining. And say Lord why hast thou taken our leader from us; "but the Lords will be done" we will let our dear brothers ashes reast in peace; hoping he is now joining the choir of saints and angels around the throne in heaven. You tried in your last to shame me for a thing I was not gilty of. I can prove I gave my letter to you, to your Pa, in the presance of a crowd around a fire whether he recolects it or not I do for several remarked it would go home free of charge. I have hurd that you have a large meeting going on in Greenville & that your sister Mollie Rachel Crobarger & John Rubushs wife have professed religion. I hope they only proove true & virtuous Christians This is the last page well Kate I have no news to write George Brite is in the bunk with me writing to his sister and I am trying to write to my more than sister. George & I had a big laughf just now about your Cous, K widding cake Lina wrote to him that she was saving it & it was all molding. A young gent wrote that she was making pickles suffer I hope she is well supplied if they will help to kill trouble I have learned all about the troubles in the precinct of Greenville Is she not to be pitied; & the one that has left to be shuned You spoke of my coldness. dear Kate it is not my desire to be cold, it must be my nature I hope the day may soon come when I may prove a warm hearted companion live in hopes thare is still a sunny day for us. I hope you must write soon.