I recieved your letter on the 21st was truly glad to hear from you I had almost given up all hope of ever hearing from you again, but it seemed that I was blest at the eleventh hour by receiving a long & affectionate letter, Peace seemed a stranger to my mind I went to preaching regular & often found my mind wandering on things that didnt interest my soul. Salvation tonight I am on gard and as I can not sleep I have concluded to spend my lonly hours in writing to my best of friends. My health is very good, I have no reason to complain of any thing. I am only in all things to say Lord thy will be done not mine. Thare is no news astir in camp that would interrest. Evry thing is quiet along the Rapidan. Our Brigade has to go on Picket Monday morning I hope we may have a plesant time We had quite a heavy snow storm hear last tuesday & tueasday night It was from ten to twelve inches deep the boys had a gay time snow balling; our Brigade bantered Roades devision thay come out and drove us back to our quarters we had no General to command us in the first Battle they had two. Walker seeing us drove back came out & rallied the old brigade and drove our opponants to thare quarters capturing one of thare Gen I suppose thare was two thousand engaged on either side. Thare was none killed on either side but a great many bloodly nooses. Dear Kate wish I was by your side to night I am sure I could talk much easier than write I do not feel my self capable of answering your letter but look over my many short comings & I will try Dear Kate you spoke of kneeling at my feet to implore mercy I pray thee never kneel to no man, but rather to thy creator in hoom is our only help, he can change the hearts of those that hate us; to love & repect us; Dear Kate can you imagine my hapiness when I came to the words "Willie I love thee; & my love has been tryed; ah methinks I can hear those words comming up from thy noble but storm tossed heart; and they make me feel like a strong man. Then again Oh God is it not sinfull, you entreat me to forget, who, my first, my only, and I hope my last lover. Dear Kate is this not crual; one that loves me one that I love, to advise me to forsake her, what have I done to bring this judgement upon me have I committed some foul deed that will leave a stain up on my character or am I not good enoughf for thee I can not bring my self for a moment to think that you would advise me thus on account of my need of worldly goods; oh I know you know to well on this last, that God is the giver of all such gifts you said you cared not for your own hapiness but that you would be hapy in seeing your friends hapy Dear Kate let me pray the never speake thus again I for one of thy loving hands will never seace striving untill it may please the almighty to plase me in a condition to make you hapy Then & not till then shall I be berfectly hapy, then if you refuse me I can live my days as I am; when I learn to quit using tobacco I will do it for your sake you asked me whether I went to see your cous, Lizzie I did not I wanted to see her but could not I was in trouble I had left a face that I loved with out seeing it & no other face seemed familiar. Dear Kate let us forget the past & try & live as two loving friends for awhile; then if it may please our master may I hope we may be drawn closer friends