In all probability you think that I am dead or forgotten you as I have kept silent for so long. I recieved your letter on the eve before the battle of the fifth while we ware cooking rations I was truly glad to hear from you. I was wounded on last thirsday the 12th a flesh wound in the right arm near the sholder I have no doubt but you will expect me to give you a full account of the casualties of our company on that day but I am soray I can not I was wounded about nine oclock & went back to the field hospital & got my wound dressed & stayed thare untill twelve oclock; when all that was able to walk ware ordered back to some other hospital & thare was none nearer than Loeusa C.H. I beged them to let me stay untill the fight was over but they said I could be of no use & would just be in the way Capt Dempster advised me to go on to some hospital Sam A Lightner Mays & Hight, ware wounded & came home with me all slight wounds; Lightner wounded in the right hand Mays in the left side & Hight on the right sholder Jake was safe when I left him he was with me after we fell back from our breastworks & I dount think our Brigde went in any more that day I have not the least doubt but many of our boys ware taken prisoners; The enimy massed thare troops in front of the second Brigade & at daylight charged the second & drove them from thare breastworks & following them closly captured many. By having that gap open thay soon attacked our Brigade in front flank & in the rear. The front line was deperesed & a grate many of our boys jumped over the breastworks & took after the Yanks capturing on of thare coulars Colonel Funk then told us if we did not get out of thare we would be all captured. Then we commenced retreating to our second line of works & while I was crossing the field I was wounded I am very thankfull to the great & good God that I came out so well the air seemed filled with the laden mesangers of death I do not know whethar Brother John came out safe or not he was on the skirmish line & when the enimy advanced he fell back on the left of the Regt. Abe came out safe I heard from him friday I hope to get the all perticulars of the battle tomorrow. Jim Vines, Kelley & Sayton was take prisaners last thursday week the 9th. I was very sorry for him but hope he may be well treated Cicero Bare was mortly wounded since died John Pilson has lost a leg amputated above the knee. Jim Trusler was killed dead Willie Gardner was killed a grate many wounded from diferent parts of Augusta The Yanks have fought with more desperration than they ever fought before Sometimes I can but cry. oh Lord, what demon has taken posession of the people that they are so thirsty for blood. Lord ease thare apatites I suppose you have hurd  who all ware wounded in our Comp the first days fight, all my mess have been wounded but Crist, Rubush Abny was wounded in the ear Shot a round hole the size of a meny ball in the left ear he will always be nown as cross eared Abny Trotter recieved a flesh wound in the left thigh & Grieaver was wounded in the foot I suppose his wound is very painfull. Since the commencement of the fighting our Comp has had fifteen wounded & one has died Tom Shannon Campell he was mortly wounded last teusday moroning & died that eavning poor fellow I went and talked to him & tryed to cheer him, He said oh Bill I can not be cheerfull my wound is to painfull he was soon moved of & I coulnt get to say much to him. Our division has lost heavily in prisoners & wounded. When we commenced fighting we had four Brigadeer Generals & one Maj Gen. now we have none able to command. Johnson & Stuart captured; Stafford & Jones ware killed. Walker badly wounded in the arm. All our Regimental field officers came out safe Cousin William Koiner was badly wounded last thursday. The night before we started from our old camp Capt Lampster Jim Vines & George Valentine came out to enquire the way of salvation oh how I wish our army would become an army of Christains then I am sure we would be invincible our God would smile upon us & we would seen be a free & happy people I saw your Father today. he was well & said all ware well at home Rachel C came up to see me to inquire after her brother he was well the day before the great Battle I was glad to hear you ware well pleased in Rockbridge & was happy try & make your older sister cheerfull & happy in her new home with a kind husband by her side to console her evry want dear Kate you asked me whether I had any objections to you sending your friend your picture What objections could I have I am sure I am not your master or lawgiver I would advise you to do as you think best I hope you have not delayed sending it to him on account of my delaying writing so long Abney had all my paper & envellopes in his portfolio & took it with him when he was wounded & we ware almost constantly in the ditches waiting for the enimy to advance. You asked me my reasons for telling your cousin about our enstrangment. She guessed as much by my not going down to see you She asked me wasnt she right & I could not deny it; She seemed sorry & hoped it would all be made up & for my saying you mistreated me I deny it. dear Kate I fell sad this eavning I often think I would be happier if I was taken out of this world & could be with a kind Mother in heaven My prospect for worldly hapiness is dark forgive my wekness in thus writing. My heart seems filled to over flooding this eavning. We recieved news this eavning from camp thare has been fiften wounded & twenty three missing Jake is still safe so is Brother John & all the Ruebushis if I had thare names hear I would send you a list but I know but part & I will not send any I hope this may find you well My health is very good I havfallen of some ten or fifteen lbs since I was wounded my arm is getting tired I will stop Ever pelieve me to be your true friend & please write soon as I shall look for an answer in a few days