As I have a few moments after helping cook our rations I hasten to drop you a few lines knowing you will be ancious to hear from me. I arrived safly in camp the 15th. found all the boys well; They ware all camped in line of battle at Fishershill above Strausburg. We had a fine commanding position & well fortified: The enimy thought it prudent to make a retrogade moovment & commenced retreating & had a slight engagement in the eavning near Winchester. Our Brigade never got close enough to fire at the Yanks; Some of thare leaden messengers came unplesantly near us. The enimy was reported to have a large army from 40 to 50 thousand. We have been reinforced by one Division of Longstreets corps & two Brigade of F.H. Lee cavilry. The enimy distroyed nearly the entire wheat crop from Winchester to Strausburg, burned may barns. We are now lying in the woods near Bunkers hill, ten miles below Winchester have orders to be ready to moove at any moment none of us no wich way we will moove next some think in to Maryland I had a fine time coming down the valley; Ive come down the back way; ware treated kindly at many plases by the duch of Rockinham & Shanandoor; all the objections I had to the girls they ware all barefooted & as I thought awkward in thare manners; They would commence talking duch in our presance, often I thought they might be talking about me. None that I saw could I think half as much of as my -- I am sure. Do not censure me for not writing sooner I fooly intended writing the day after I got to camp but was sent to the ordinance wagon & coming back to camp I stoped at a Batery & found my cousin R. Brand & stayed nearly all day with him; he is a nice young man; I think you would know him he is still readheaded & freckles in his face. For a few day after leaving I think I was a little low spirited probably you can account for it I donnt think it was leaving Lottie; though her company was very agreeable. Since I have got with the boys I have been in fine spirits & have been enjoying the best of health, I hope theese lines may find you enjoying the same blessing Jake is enjoying fine health. Abe & Hunter the same Abe is now by my side writing to his better half Be cheerfull & hapy & pray that I may be spared to return to thee once more Often I think I would not have nothing to live for if it was not for thee; It is an eavill thought but still it will arise in my wandering thoughts I must soon close as it is getting so dark I can hardly see how to write; My love to all Write soon, oh how glad I would be to get a letter from you tomorrow excuse bad writing & all mistakes I will write again before long from one that has wished the hapiness for years