I recieved your highly appreciated letter of the 13th; by Abe the 20th. You can not imagine with what angsity I berused ove its contents to find out how that absent one was getting along. I hope this may still find your health improving & enjoying many blessings My health is very good & hope it may contin so. On the 19th we had one of the hardest Battles that was ever fought around Winchester or in the Valley of Va. And the worst of all I hov to acknowlege we ware badly whiped. Many brave Southerners bit the dust thare in our noble cause. By the mercies of a great & good God I am still spared I cannot be to thankfull for the many speccial providences that has protected me thus far. His loving kindness has been very grate towards me & my prayer is that I may so walk as becometh one of his true followers. Our Comp came out very well I think, only one wounded, Wm Plunkett recieved a flesh wound in the thigh, & was lost in Winchester He was wounded just as we ware falling back into Winchester. Our defeat was I think caused by our Army being scattered. Our Devision the day before went to Martingsburg, drving the Yankee cavelry from that plase. We fell back the same day to Bunkers Hill, twelve miles below Winchester & Roads Division was camped some ten miles below Winchest & before we could get to Winchester the other portion of the Army was nearly whipt & at the same time thay ware trying to cut us of from Winchester. But we arrived thare in time to meet the heaveist onset of the Battle, & succeeded in driving the enemy near a mile when evry thing lay quiet except skirmishing untill the middle of the eavning. When the enimies cavelry drove our Cav. back then making three or four desperate charges on the left flank of our lines driving them back in confusion which soon demorolised the hole army. We have to morn the loss of many brave men and officers. Maj. Gen. Roads was killed early in the engagment one among the best officers in our army Colonel Funk was mortally wounded through the bowels & left at his home in Winchester I hope he may recover but it is doubtfull. Maj. Newton was wounded in the ankle bone broken is on his way home. He acted very bravely in trying to rally the men. All say he convered him self with glory. Capt J Bumgarner was killed also Lieut J. B. McGuffin My Cous, R. Brand was badly wounded one thigh broken the other a flesh wound had to leave him on the field his comp told me he beged them to take him of the field, but the enimy was so close that they could not. All that tried to get off ware wounded & killed but one poor fellow I pittie him & hope he may be kindly cared for, Cous & Koiner came out safe. We are now lying in line of Battle at Fishers Hill. Both canon and musketry are loudly booming on our front. The enimy are trying to drive in our skirmishers. We may be closely engaged before two hours. We are strongly fortified & have a commanding position I think by the blessing of God, we may be able to give them a sound thrashing I am fearful they may advance up the Page Valley & cause us to fall back as we have only a small cavelry force commanding it I hope you will not take the capture of Jake to much to heart I cant help but think he is not in as much danger as if he was hear. I hear the roar of canon now in the Page Valley. I was sorry that your cous, had a relaps of the fever hope she may soon recover her former health uxcuse me if I failed to answer anything in your letter I have not taken time to look over it May the blessing of a great & good God be with you the news from yours as ever