I seat my self this morning for the purpose of droping you a few lines. Yesterday the 12th we ware on Picket & the enimies cavelry attacked us. And I am sorry to inform you that your brother was taken prisaner, also Sargt Hays, James Trotter, Samuel A. Lightner and James Hutcheson, we were on picket at Waidsville on the Opecken river one & a half miles from Brucetown; only thirty men of the 5th Regt was thare a very small force to contend with two brigads of Cavelry, We held them in check for about three quarters of an hour. When about two Hundred charged across the ford getting into our rear, we all clubed together & fell back about two Hundred yards, When the cavelry that had got in our rear charged us cauling loudly on us to surrender, But the little band heeded them not but continued pooring volley after volley into thare midts, almost evry shot taking effect. one charged up within six or eight yards of me whirling his sword around one of company D who threw down his gun & surrendered, he then cauled on me to surrender, the boys kept hollowing to me to shoot him but unfortunatly I had just shot out at the bulk when he road up I pretended to have my gun loaded & ready to shoot him if he moved. Several of the boys fired at him & the balls coming so unplesantly near him he whirled his horse & made tracks we soon percieved we were getting them demorolised & we charged them, driving them from our front, we ha'nt got more than three Hundred yds when thay ware reinforced & charged us again in wich our boys ware taken. thay ware trying to get to a small bunch of timber; seeing they could not reach in time they whirled & fired into the advancing foe & kept loading firing untill thay ware all mixed up with the foe, Seeing thay ware overpowered & a further attempt to whip the enimy usless, thay surrendered. Several of our boys seen them going back under guard, all of us that made for a deep ravine got out safe, one overtook little George Hutchison just as he got to the ravine & ordered him to surrender George said he was almost scared to death at the old sword whizzing around his head but he jumped into the brush & shot the Yank dead of his horse, our loss in killed & wounded was very light One of Comp. H was mortally wounded & died in the eavning his name was Strausburg, a brother to the Strausburg in our band. One of Comp K. recieved a flesh wound in the arm. Our loss was the heavyest in prisaners. Some twelve or fifteen from the regt. The enimy mostly usede thare sabers I am certain thay did'nt loose less than forty in killed & wounded. Jake was enjoying very good health I hope he may meet with kind friends & mild treatment also the rest of our unfortunate friends. Again we are left without an officer in our Comp. It is reported that Sam Hays is on his way down to the Comp. I think the rest of Comp. E will have to go to fort delaware to recruit, we have Eleven hear yet & I am sure we can whip twist that nuomber of Yanks. My health is very good & hope this may find you enjoying the same. Thare has been a great deal of wet weather down hear It has been raining all morning this is a very cold rain. It will not be very long until we will need our over coats. I heard from both of my Brothers C is at Camp Elmira New York & J at the hospital in Baltimore J can begin to use his arm & is enjoying good health, I must close write soon. May heavens richest blessings shower around thee. My love to all,