I recieved your letter of the 29th It found me in the saddle & after reading its contents my feelings were deeply affected. Its clarion nots rang louder than the shock of the midnight assault, Indeed it made my heart, as it ware blead in simpathy for you, I havent the least doubt but you hurd the rumer, you ought to have seen my mortified & anger lit continance I didnt think thare was one living in G. so [unclear: disspsibly pose] as to circulate a malicious lie. I deny emphatically of taking a drop, or asking or desiring one. I have evry reason to believe that your relitive was the starter of the lie what else shall I term it & for the simple reason I have been more fortunate than his son in trying to be something in this world I will not deny your charge of swearing occasionly & God knows I am sorry to make this confession, but I never shall try to decieve you in the least. I have always used candor & hope I never may very from its treshhold I was down to Staunton on business & was detained longer than I expected I would like to have called on you but had not time. excuse my haste while in Aug. I am doing very well & have no fears of the dangerous red cup no I will never bring Fathers head in sorrow in the grave unless it be in regard to my soul & I sincearly hop I may claim a right in the first reserrection ere long only by busy boddies who ought to learn our lords prayer. your letter was like a white winged angel I admired it, it was tuching & pathetic thare is nothing in it to hurt my feelings, I can well imagine your feelings while pening it, that dear brother [unclear: bust] that you have lately intered knows me better than some of my well meaning friends. I hafter hurry on home as soon as I am done this very propaly I may hafto go to Lex, yet today. I have stayed all night with friend John I am heare you will send me I am very neglectful it might be best if you could forget & I will write again in a short time wich may be more sudisfactory, friend L was well the last time I hurd from her write whenever it suits you your letters are always welcome