I received yours of the  to day for which you will be pleased to receive my thanks. I gave it to my brother Jefferson who left this morning for Charlottesville to attend the meeting. There is a good deal of interest [unclear: encited] on the subject here--Michie and J B Baldwin have each addressed a long letter to Jeff as the representative of the Western Interest in the Rail Road, in which they have taken pretty much the same view you have, I have no doubt it will have a good effect on the Directors--I have not yet determined, whether I will purchase Peyton's interest in the concern, there are several applicants for it; but it is rule in the concern that no partner is to be admitted without the consent of all the others; they have all consented that Farrish who is   may sell to me. I shall determine on it in two or three weeks.  I am apprehensive a day or two since, that you were about to get into a breeze with the Revd B. M Serrett, who addressed me a letter, to which I replied, copies of which I enclose you. At the same time he addressed a similar letter to Dr. Stribling who replied substantially as I did. You will  sure in my answer. I marched right up to the point, so that he could not misunderstand what you said on the subject. Well! What do you suppose is the result; the evening of the day he received the answer; he went to the Hospital to see Dr. Striblingas I suppose, and desired that he had defined to [unclear: about]  had understood he had. Dr S. said he thought from the first paragraph in his letter, he had admonished it. He [unclear: pardned] him  and read it to him. It is however a complete exoneration of you. I am very much pleased it has taken this course, as I do most heartily detest these  and misunderstandings. I think it very much the wisest course he could pursue.  Every person I meet seems to be rejoiced at the course pursued by Mr. President in relation to the Boston mob. His prompt actions, will convince many, who doubted, that he will be as ready to put down a mob in the North as the South, Should it appear on investigation that the Deputy Marshall has been remiss in his duty, or [unclear: quailed] in the least to popular opinion his principal who it seems was absent, ought to  him, this would satisfy even S Carolina. As far as I can gather the tone of public opinion and feeling, the administration is getting on most gloriously, and unless something unforeseen occurs, I feel our very sanguine in the belief that it will become so popular at the end of the  four years, that no opposition can succeed against him. The Democrats themselves seem to be at a loss to know who to [unclear: fin] on, Cass who I think is decidedly their strongest man (at least in Va) seems to be but coldly received even in the West. Dickinson at present seems to be the favorite, But there is so many views to work among  politicians, that we in the country, know but little, and all we say is a [unclear: Many] more than guess work.  Gerrard and Mr Chapman arrived yesterday morning. Mr C. found his children better, two of them have been extremely ill, three days ago it was believed one of them could not live, but strange to say, today there is  fair  of its recovery. We have had a great deal of sickness this winter and many deaths, particularly among the servants--Scarlet fever, pnemonia, [unclear: Erydipelas] &c &c. the latter is now prevailing as an epidemic at the Asylum, about 10 cases there, one death yesterday. We all miss you very much, and we never have one of our social meetings, but what honorable mention is made of you, & hopes expressed that we may all live to meet and greet you again as one of members.  Present my kind regards to Mrs. Stuart and accept for yourself my best wishes for your health & happiness.