I seat my self this morning to inform you how i am and how i have bin since my last letter. I have had a bad coald for the past weak but i have had a good appetite to eat all the time. I am well at preasent and hoaping that when you receive this that it will find you injoying good health and in good spirits and hoap all of our family friends and neighbours may be injoying the same blessing. I received your letter that you sent by Capt. A Airhart in the first of April. J just came off of picket that day and we injoyed our selves very well considering such a spell of weather as we had. we was gone three days. the first day it rained very hard all day. the second day it was coald and the wind blew very hard and coald all day. the third day but quite pleasant until eavening after we got in camp. it clouded up and the next morning it was a snowing. it fell about 2 or 3 inches but it soon melted after it quit snowing and maid a slop. it has been quite moderate since. the man that was send to richmond that you spoke of had went home three times and he would when  camp in times of a fight would run off til it was over. it is harder on them that flank a fight than them that dont. they have bin hard on some of the others too. there is Jacob and David Shull and John and Richard Michael sent to richmond April 1st for six months hard labor and 6 months pay. that was their sentence. Wm. Shull hasnt had his trial yet-April 5th. I am well and hearty but it pained me when i read in your kind letter the death of your brother. it makes of  in which a man hasa but a few days and full of troubel. god giveth and then taketh away. blessed is the name of the Lord. We have lost another one of our company. Absolom Michael yesterday morning at 7 oclock departed this life to a world whare their is no more parting. he wasn't sick but about 2 weeks. he had the tifoid fever. he was abel to walk about some until the eavening before he died. life is uncertain in the army as well as at home. i dont know but what he is better off now than if he had a lived to heard his trial for his case would be bin hard the way they punishe the others. i dont think well stay heare many more days until we move it  report in camp now that we are to go out back in the mountains west of Stanton but i dont no whare we will go for they take take us whare they please. they yankeys appear to be quiet and they say they don't want to fite if they can help. they say their is a great many of them will go home the first of May or rebell against oald Abe. if they do that the war cant last much longer. from what i can heare and see i dont think [letter torn away here]...if you think you can manage any more corn  the bottom feald as you wont have oats enough to sew. the field of cornstubels on the hill could plant some in their and if you dont plant their sow the best of the ground in oats as far as it will go and let the remainder be until  put more on your self than you can manage. it is not worth while to expose your self to put out a crop if you dont get any out of it. you can keep the stock off the new ground field and the orchard. it will make as much hay as well. keep the stock if the season suits and what luck do you have with your help?