i seat my to inform you that I am on the land amongst the live whilst many of my fellow soaldier has falen and gon never to return. my health is good and I thank my god for it and hoaping that this may find you and all of our family, injoying the same blessing and all of our friends and relations. I havent heard from any of our relations since the battel. from what i can learn this battel has been one amongst of the hardest battels that has bin fought yet. we moved back to our oald camp last night and we feal like we was at hoame since we dont heare and see the bomshells falling in our ranks, altho if i could be in oald Augusta o how much better satisfyed I would bee whare i could be with you and the children and heare them pratel and i feal now like if i was at hoame a with you i could talk. well, i dont no how much more tho than i can rite now. i do pray that we all may soon get hoame. i do think that this ought to do for all men to quit fiting boath north and south east or west and setel it up some other way. fiting never will setel it. we have bin in line of battel for the last nine days and nites with orders to be ready at a moments warning for we did not no how soon the enemy would advance on our lines. we have or had bin exposed to the enemys cannon all the time but their was oanly four killed and seven wounded out of our regiment and i thank god for his mercy and i pray that it may be his will not to cut any more down by balls and hoap that he may see fit to stop this terabel war but o god thine will be don. our devision was left heare to hoald the yanks at Fredericksburg which we did. 20 thousand crost over along the banks the river but they didn't venture to our fortifications. we was too well fixed for them their. we had some 4 or 5 thousand in all. the balance of the army marched some 12 miles above heare wheare the main body of the yankeys army was acrossing the river and theirs whare the gratest slauter was. Gen. Jackson lost his left arm in that fite. we regret the loss of our general very much but pray that god may be with him and protect in time of nead but if god spares General Lee ithink he will lead them yanks whare they wont like to go. we have taken many prisoners from them and killed wounded many. their great General Hooker was wounded with the rest. i dont no what the loss is on either side but it is very heavy. that i no. i will rite as soon as i can find out the perticlers. it is thought that the yankeys is a leaving from their oald position on the other side of the river but they dont no whare they are a going. i dont think they will try this place again soon. it dont pay. i talked with some of the wounded and they are 40 thousand of them that their time is out may and they wont volentear for no prise nor they wont fite no more. hoame is their place. if all men would do that what a joyful time it would be. i hoap it may come to pass soon as i wont have a chance to send for a day or 2.