I seat myself this morning to try and answer your welcome letter that I just received a few minutes ago. I had been looking for it some day past, but it did not come to hand until this morning. It found me in good health and I was glad to hear from you and all was receiving the same blessing of health but I feel somewhat vexed since I read your letter to think of some things that is about reenlisting. I have not reenlisted nor do I ever intend to under the present circumstances. If I have to stay in service you can mark Jesse one that has not re-enlisted if you believe what I write unless my mind changes very much from what it is now and what it has been for some time past. Accordance with the late law that has been  for some time-between the ages of 18 and 45 will have to be in service for the war. It makes no difference whether I want to or not unless they can get a detail of some kind  any honorable detail that I can get, for I dont think that duty would be any harder than it was on me. So if you have a chance you need not be uneasy but what I will except of it  so I hope that you may meat with success in what you have undertaken and I hope that this will satisfy you about re-enlisting and it may give you comfort and happiness to you, it dont do for a person to believe all they heare now a days. Furloughing is still a going on. There is to ahead of mine yet so I am still in hopes of getting one before long, we can have the pleasure of talking in place of writing it. it would give me so much more comforty. I have not heard anything about giving up in Virginia. It may be so, but I dont believe that they are going to do it, for I think if they give up Virginia this crewell war will be over soon. I dint know what will be best for to do if John leaves. If you can [get] some one to crop it would be less trouble to you and if I should be so lucky as to get off-I would rather do it myself, so i leave that with you to decide. I judge there is no chance of hiring any one to work with any certainty. As they take what little you do raise - it wont pay you for to pay a big price for hiring. How old is John and how long can he stay before he would have to go in service? Does he want to go? There is some boys that goes in service sooner than they nead, but I don't know how it is with him. If you have a chance and can if you would move some of your corn out of the crib someplace else. They would not bother you so much. It is right in the way. it shows too plain. Try to keep enough to do you. If you can hide it. Dont think it will be any harm in doing so. So must come to a close -