Yours of the 3o ult. came duly to hand but I have delayed writing you from day to day, and week to week, 1st. because I had nothing apparently worth communicating and 2ndly because I was trying to make some arrangements to take a Southern tour this Spring and if I did so, I was  that it might suit your convenience to accompany me. I have written to our mutual friend Mr. Kennedy who consents to go, and I have also written to Mr. Granger who will go if he can arrange his business so as to leave it, but of this he expresses considerable doubt. I think a party of three or four would be most pleasant. Will you consent to make one of it? I can assure you that I should be greatly gratified to have you, and I know Mr. Kennedy would. Our intention is to go down through the Southern Atlantic States, to Mobile and thence back to Savannah where we will take a steamer for Havanna, and possibly visit some other of the West India Islands, and thence to N. Orleans, and up the Mississippi through Tennessee and Ky. to Cincinnati and thence home. This route, however, may be shortened, lengthened, or varied to suit circumstances. We would rendezvous at Baltimore, about the 1st of March, and might hope to accomplish it all in from one to two months. Will you not go? Can you spend the same length of time more pleasantly or even more profitably in any other way? It seems to me not, so let us calculate on the pleasure of your society. This Nebraska matter presents a new phase to things in Washington. But is it wise for the South to set the example separating the compromise of 1820? If one compromise be disregarded will not another be, and will not the South in the end be left to the tender mercy of Northern fanaticism with an overwhelming numerical majority? These are Serious questions for the South and yes it may be difficult for her to resist the proffered favor of Douglas' Bill. She may suspect the motive; she may see its fatal consequences and its delusive benefits, but can she resist it? I think the measure will pass the senate by a decided majority, but its fate is doubtful in the house, and there is reason to apprehend that it will reopen the slavery agitation, much with all its bitterness, if not all its dangers to our Union. We had fondly hoped that this question was at rest, for a time at least, but I fear we are to be disappointed. My children are very well, and join me in kindest remembrances to yourself and Mrs. Stuart. I shall write Mr. Kennedy today that I have invited you to join us.