I received your kind letter of the Fourteenth which was read with much pleasure. I was glad to hear from you as well as from home. I have been well since I wrote to you. The boys are generally well. We are all getting along very well. We have good times here now, not much to do and plenty to eat. There is not much news here now except that of the malitia. There has not been any recruits came here yet but we are expecting some before long. Some of the men have reenlisted to go into a Cavalry company. Cousin John M. Baylor has joined that company. I have not re-enlisted yet and I do not intend until our time is out, perhaps I may have a chance to stay at home but if I have to go again I intend to go in a volenteer company. I am sorry to hear that the malitia have to be called out. I know there will be hard times with those who are left at home. But they will have make the best of it as we are into trouble and must get out the best way that we can. Well cousin Mary I do pity poor George but I cant cry for he has as good reason to go as the rest of the boys. I know they will have hard times as well as many others who are already in the field. I do not know what Mother is to do for she cannot say by herself. I know of no plan to suggest unless she can get someone stay with her to attend to the beasts. If she could hire some person to plant a little corn and sow some oats, but she can do as she thinks best. I would be glad if you could stay with her if you could. I know she will be very lonesome. You must all do the best you can and do not get alarmed at every thing that you hear for it is half true that you hear. keep your courage up and do not think we are to be subdued so easy. Our cause is a just one and I believe the God of battles will be with us, and bring us off victorious in the end. There is some talk here that we will have to fall back to Staunton but I do no think that we will leave this point yet. I have just heard that the malitia in this county pendleton and highland have been ordered to this place next thursday. Tell Mother that I am not in need of any thing but if she has an opportunity she might send me a box if she does she must send some Sole leather as it is very scare here. I want my watch more than any thing. If it is fixed she might send it with Lieutenant Summers. Lieutenant Lambert or Robert McFarland. James Clinebell has not gotten his box yet but I suppose he will get it as soon as a train comes out. Luther R. Waid went home some time ago and Capt Humphreys had him arrested and sent out here he has just arrived and is in the guard house. There is about Twenty Five men in the guard house, most of which have run the Blockade as we call it, went home without permission. While have been writing the boys are quite merry. This is a fine day and a good many of the boys are washing their clothes. I have not learned to wash yet I always get some one else to wash for me. I do not cook either the mess that I stay in have John Engleman hired to cook. We pay him seventy five cents apiece when the bread is baked for us and One Dollar when we get flour. I believe I have written all that would interest you. you must write soon and tell me all the news in old Augusta. Give my love to all inquiring friends. I do not want to see home until the yankeys are all driven from our soil I feel more like fighting, now than I have since I have been in the service. I must close for this time