I have been intending to write to you but have been waiting to hear from home but as today is Sunday and in the afternoon and I cannot spend my time more profitably I will try to write to you knowing at the same time that I have nothing that will interest you.  Tell Bro Jim that I received the books & have sold them already & I had bought them from the first class men before they reached here. I wish he had sent a dozen coppies of French Grammar as it would be a great recommendation to the boys to get them and I could sell every coppy for two $ apiece. When you write ask him wheather there were any more coppies there or not and at what they can be bought for.  Dear Aunt I had intended to write you a tolerable long letter but night came before I thought it would tis now after supper and the studdy drum will soon beat and as I want some things from home I will just change the subject & write for what I want. Tell Pa my gray jacket, 2 order me a pair of shoes as I have drilled so much since I have been here that they are nearly worn out and General Smith says that it is impossible for him to furnish shoes and the reason I write for my jacket is that there is at least 100 boys to get there uniforms before me and my coat will not be deacent to wear to church and if any one is not dressed deacently at church roll call they get 5 demerits for it and send my old over coat as it is pretty cold here at 5 oclock in the morning and standing guard at night. You will please tell Ma to send them as soon as possible. Tell Papa if he has not succeeded in getting Maurice to some good school to send him here as they have a class here that he is perfectly qualified to join and any one is obliged to study some here to get along at all. There are some boys here as small as John but they are older than I am. There is scarcely a boy in school that is not older than I. I would let you know how I stand in my class if I could see the section marcher I would let you know how I stand in my class. I will let you know next time. Dear Aunt the study drum has beat and I must close. Give my love to all at Edgehill and Cousine Fannies & [unclear: Hues]. I have been thinking of you all day. The Misses Baxters send there love. Good by. Kiss Ma for me 