According to promice I sit down to write you. I wrote to Mama the day after I arrived here. The 2 evening I had been here I was invited to the Misses Baxters to Tea an was treeted so kindly that I began to feel some what like I was at home. Sister no one can like this place at first but I will soon become use to it I reckon. I met Risk Hutter at Buchannan and he gave me a letter of introduction to Breedlove the Adjutant of the Corps. I expect he is a very nice fellow without knowing whether he is or not.  I have not commenced studying yet on account of the examination but will comence studying tomorrow I hope. I have made severall very pleasant acuaintances since I have been here. Burton one of my roomates is a very good fellow but I do not consider any of them my equals. Ruffin from Salem is here. I have had one report against me for not [unclear: doudling] in ranks [unclear: property ] but Major Ship let me off with the report. Any one can get off with all reports & demerits that they get untill they have been here a month.  I made the acuaintance of a Mrs Myers comeing over here, a very nice old lady and she invited me very kindly to come and see her. The old cadets have give me 2 or 3 buckings every day since I have been here. They hurt at first like the mischief but I am getting tough now and it dont hurt so bad.  Sept 2 Dear Sister  I will comence again but have nothing of interest to write. Tell Ma that I have read my bible every day since I have been here. We allso have prayers every night among the cadets and tell her that I have been every night and expect to keep it up as long as I stay here. I have looked for the last too days for a letter from home if you all knew how much I want to hear from home you would sertainly write. Sister I have been thinking all day about the nice grapes and peaches you all are having and how much I would like to be their.  Sister when you write let me know how Uncle Archer is getting along with the [unclear: copperas] buisnes and tell him he must write to me. In fact I must hear from home once or twice a week any how. How are all at aunt Sarahs and [unclear: tell]. I hope the future days of her life may be spent more happily than the past. Tell Aunt Nanny Brother Jim Maurice and Jim Armistad to write to me and to let me know whether Cousin Nanny is with you. Give my love to all of the above named and kiss dear Aunt Nanny a dozen times for the nice ring she gave me. Tell dear Papa & Mama that I am going to do all I can for my own [unclear: interest] as well as for theirs. What a gods blessing it is to have two such dear parents as they are. Kiss Ma and tell her that I hope god may bless her and all the rest of you. Tell Papa that I will try and do all I can. Kis [unclear: May ] and Mary and my love to John. Good by dear sister with love to all 