I received your letter some week or 10 days ago and would have answered it sooner time ago but have been waiting to hear from home. I have not heard a word from home for 2 weeks. I have not a word of news to write you. I suppose I wrote you about the death of young Fleming, he died a week ago yesterday. Whilst his dead body was in the House we had no duty to attend to Academic or Military. The Corps was turned out on Tuesday to bury him but his Bro came from Staunton on the Stage and carried his body home. The Corps marched a mile after the hearse, then we were halted & Major Ship detailed on 4 Pall bearers & sent them on to Staunton with his corpse. As we only had 3 more days that week to attend to duty & 3 being the highest mark I was the maximum & I only made [unclear: 5...] the worst mark on math I have made since I have been here. I went to the board this morning had this example given me. The hour & minute hands of a watch show the time of day to be 24 minutes past 3 oclock, at what time will they come together. You are only allowed 1 minute to demonstrate. I couldnt work it and then I asked him Pro Miller to work it out and explain it and took him minutes to work it and I told him he ought not to mark me on an example that I only had a minute as I knew he had been 5 and he said he would not mark me on it but told me to come round to his room that night & he would show me how to work it. Tis night now and time for me to go.  Tomorrow is the 23rd anniversary of the VMI and by the way I have a good piece of news to tell you. The Beef Sergeant has bought 40 odd turkeys for dinner tomorrow and we have for dessert Pies. They generally fire a salute with cannon but the powder is so scarce that they will not fire one but their is a piece of bad news with it, the old cadets are going to buck every Rat in Barracks tomorrow. They have had regular committees taking down all their names & my name came under that head. Bro Jim I have been scufling and my hand trembles so that cannot write and so much excited that you must excuse all mistakes. I wrote to Papa some time ago about some shoes and he never wrote me a [unclear: work] about them & General Smith says he cannot and will not furnish us shoes and I am nearly barefooted and If Ma has not sent me the box pleas send me a pair in it. Pleas excuse this porly written letter. I will try and do better next time. Love to All at Edgehill & Cousin Hues. Kiss Mama and the two children, love to all.