I commenced writing to you this Morning before Church but whilst I was gone the wind blew over the ink stand and blotted the writing out. I write to you to day for 3 reasons, 1st because I cannot be bet employed, 2ly becaus I will not have time next week and 3ly becaus I will have a good opportunity to sent it & I have no stamps. I wish you would send me some when you write as we are not allowed to go up town to get them. I am called off now to say my bible lesson; will finish when I return. I have just returned and said a very good Lesson. In fact there was not a boy in the whole class that missed a single word. Ma I am getting along very well in every thing and I am doing admirably on Geography and French but algebra is very hard to me. Some of the examples take at least 3 hours to work them. I haven't more that 1/2 an our recitation during the whole day. We get up at 5 in the morning and go to rev and come back and wash and then we go to drill at half past 5 and drill until 7; we go to breakfast at half past and get back at 8; we have to get our algebra then until we go to the section room at 9; we come out at 10, have an our to get geography, go in to recite at 11 and come out at 12. From that time until 10 minutes to one we have to get our French; we go to dinner at 1 and come from at half past; we have from then until 2 for recreation and from then until 3 to prepare our French; we come out of the section room at 4 and then go to drill and drill until 5. We go to dress parade then and come off a quarter to 6; we then have 15 minutes to carry our guns up stairs and wash and black our shoes for evening parade; when is over at half past and then we are marched to supper and stay until 7; we go in the prayer room at 7 and come out at half past; we have from then until 8 to clean up the room for inspection; from then until half past 9 we have for study hours; from then until 10 to put down our beds and in this half our I all ways read my Bible. The lights are then tapped out. My dear mother I have done all that I could do since I have been here to study and I think I have succeeded very well. Tell Maurice I received his letter and will write to him next time. He said that bro Jim was going to the army this month some time. What division is he going to, I hope he is going back to Jacksons army and if he does tell him he must be sure to come this way. I hate to think of his going to the army again. I think he has done his share. He said in his letter to me that he was still week and had not gained much flesh, hope he has by this time. If he has not I hope you will not let him go to the army. Tell him that I will expect another letter from him yet. There was 6 boys expelled from here yesterday and there will be at least 12 or 15 shipped tomorrow evening. Give my love to all at Edgehill and cousin H. Write me how Nannie looks and let me know whether or not she paces and how does pa like his mules. Write me what is going on on the place. you all must not expect me to answer your letters. I am much better satisfied here now than I ever was before. You all must write very often. I will send this letter by Mr. Callwell. Did uncle Archer ever get his house back that was stolen from him. I must close as it is nearly time for evening parade. We never have any other military duty on Sunday evening and only inspection of arms in the morning. My love to Uncle Archer and tell him to write. Love to all at cousin Fannies, good by. My love to all kiss dear little Mary and May and tell Mary I wish I could have the pleasure of kissing her bless her sweet little sole. I wish I had time to write more. I stand about 2 in geography and 3 in French and 7 on Math the shortest lesson that we have had since I have been here, 10 pages, the others are between that and 20. 