I received your letter a day or two since and have been very uneasy about Maurice ever since as you said you had to give him food or nourishment every hour. I went to Gen Smith and carried him a copy of Papa's letter to him and tried to get a furlough but he would not let me have one. I never wanted to come home so much in my life as now. I will certainly know how to appreciate the comforts & pleasures at home when I get there. You could send me a box by Bonsacks but you must not do it you have two much trouble now to think of me or boxes either. My roommates will get boxes and they will share with me. We los another one of our most promising fellow cadets yes, the very flower of them all, young Preston son of Col P. professor of the Institute. He was the most perfect young Christian I ever saw. He had just been lingering for the last 7 weeks all most all the time out of his head. He was more generally beloved by all that knew him than any on I ever saw.  I have not gotten my Shoes yet on account of the River being frozen up. I wrote to sister whilst she was in Lynchburg to give Uncle Daniel some money to get me a pair of skates. I hope she got the letter before she left. I want you to send me some money by Christmas as there will be several Tableaux and a gymnasium performance for the benefit of the soldiers and I would like to go to them. There has been one all ready and the boys are up town at another to night. I have not been to either because I had no money and do not want to be disappointed again.  Ma when they all get well at home I want you to send me a couple a pair of white gloves as we are not allowed to wear any but white ones and I cannot keep one pair clean and tis so cold to hold a cold still gun in your hand at night. I wrote a note in one of aunt Sarahs letters to you to get me some linsey to line my overcoat with as we can get nothing but cotton cloth. I have gotten my jacket & pants which are very comfortable. Give my love to all at Edgehill & cousin Hues. I have not time to write more now as it is nearly time for Tattoo and as I am orderly I have to go for a bucket of water for morning. Ma I never knew how much I loved you all until now I have been seperated from you. Some one of you must write me every week, you would if you knew how much pleasure it affords me to receive one from any of you. Tell Brother Jim I think he might write to me oftener than he does. I was looking over the letters I received since I have been here and every one has written oftener than he.  Kiss May & Mary for me, tell Maurice I will answer his letter as soon as I can. Pleas send me some stamps as I have to borrow one to send this. Love to all white and black.