I commence this letter not knowing when & where I can mail it. We left Orange C.H. on the 1 and started to Spotsylvania C.H. where we heard our army was. We hadent gone far from Orange CH before we met with a squad of Yankey Cavalry which made us leave the road and go to the woods. They then pursued us a mile or two where we lost sight of them. We then came to the road leading to Richmond to the right of the central railroad where we camped for the night. We got up the next morning and went out of the woods to the railroad where we came to a company of about 50 or 60 men tearing up the railroad. They saw my white horse. Just we turned back and 2 of them pursued us about a mile when we came to a halt and when they came up in sight we rode towards them then they ran back about a mile up the main road. We then met some citizens who had just left Louisa CH where the Yankees were tearing up the track and were coming towards James R. We then came on to Columbia and tried to cross the river but there were so many people to cross that we could not have gotten over in time to have made our escape. I and Mr. Lee went out to watch them approach. We had been out about 3 hours & 1/2. About 11 oclock in the night when their advanced guard of about 100 men came up we went and gave information to the Citizens. We then started down the tow path towards Richmond. Had gone about 2 miles and and were right upon them before we heard any thing from them. I thought then I would be a prisoner in 10 minutes but we crossed the small part of James R and got over on the Island and happened to come to a mans private ferry who got us over and saved us from their mercy. They have burned all the bridges over the canal and all the barns and stables and every thing like food on the other side of the River from here. They tried to destroy the aqueduct over the Rivanna but did not succeed. They shot a young man over the river yesterday 3 times and then cut his head off and roled him in the canal right before his mother & Fathers eyes. I am right well. Love to all. I will right as soon as I can again,