I commenced writing to you yesterday & wrote upon unruled paper and it was written so indistinctly that I was afraid you could not read it and I determined to write it over. I cannot express my thanks in writing for the nice box you sent me also for the 10$ you sent me for Xmas gift. The examination commences today. I think I will get through very well if I do not get confused, but as I was never examined in public before. I feel allmost certain that I will get through on Geography & French. If they examine me by asking me questions I dont think I will get through but if he gives me examples I think I will get through on Math. I am determined to commence this year by doing my duty as well as I can in every thing. We only had one day Christmas and I was very glad of it. I thought of home so that I did not enjoy my self Xmas day. I was thinking all day about the deaths of poor Henry & Elsy and about the sickness at home since I left. Things will be so much altered when I get home so I cannot enjoy myself at all. There is no enjoyment to be seen now no how. Lexington has done more for the soldiers than any place I know for the size of it. They gave nearly 5 hundred carpet blankets to them besides giving 3 theatrical performances & the cadets gave a kind of negro show for their benefit. The show given by the cadets cleared 3 hundred dollars. The ladies made about 600 hundred dollars in all of their performances. I was invited to the Misses Baxters Monday night to tea and was introduced to 4 young ladies. I was never as much confused in my life as I was when they entered the room. I had been in the house nearly an hour when they came in and I was not expecting them atall as I had been there so long. We had a splendid supper, had muffins, chipped ham, biscuit, tea & coffee, . I did not enjoy myself much as they were all perfect strangers to me.  Tell Uncle Archer if he has not hired out all of the servants yet that General Smith would like to get 3 of them for waiters in the hall and will give $175 for them and you cloth them. They would not be exposed atall as all they have to do is to wait in the Hall. Write to me soon and let me know how Maurice and [unclear: Tru] are getting. I was so glad to hear that Maurice is entirely out of danger. When he was so sick and I did not hear from home for so long and I tried to get a furlough and couldn't get one I thought I would desert several times. I hope he is well enough to walk about now. Tell him I will answer his letter next. Give my best love to Aunt Sarah and thank her for the nice ham she sent me. Tell her that I answered her letter as soon as I received it and have not heard a word from her since. Tell Molly I think she might write to me some time. When you write again send me some stamps as we cannot get any here. I have just been examined on Geography and got through with out a blunder. Write and let me know whether the two lame horses will ever be any account & how Nanny is looking. I would like to take the Lynchburg Virginian this year as I never hear any news here at all. Tis nearly time for dress parade and I want to put this in the male tonight. Give my love to Miss Laura when you see her. Good by