I received a letter from you some weeks since in which you said if I would give you my ideas with reference to claims upon your Society for the board of your Teachers you would settle them, and I should have done so before now had it not been that I have been expecting to go on to New York and be able to see you and settle the matter there, but as I cannot at present I have concluded to forward my Bill enclosed herewith. I have weighed the matter carefully and with a view to strict justice in the case, and come to the conclusion that in consideration of my having been to between three and four hundred dollars expense to furnish a House for, the Teachers that twenty (20) dollars per month you paying House rent furnishing fuel and paying the hire of one servant at eight (8) dollars per month is as low as I can afford to board them. But in consideration of the fact that Staunton must necessarily be a place where all your Teachers must stop over Night and frequently larger as the Stage does not run only alternate days to some points at which you have schools, I will take care of them while here without any extra charge. I have already accommodated the Rev. Mr Mclean in this manner twice, once from Saturday until Monday and once with Supper lodging and Breakfast and Mr Hammond from Saturday until Monday night, and Mr Johnston from Saturday until Monday, also the Misses Shearman and [unclear: Burt] from Monday night until Wednesday, and will continue to do so with all others that you may forward on this way to and from their places of destination Homeward. I was authorized by Mr Coan to hire a building for the purpose of holding your Schools--which I did at a rent of two hundred and twenty five dollars ($225) per Annum, the building being one that was used as a dwelling House by Colored people. I was unable to get possession of the whole of it without turning the people into the Street in cold weather, which of course I could not do, neither would you have me if I could, and I have not been able to collect but sixteen dollars ($16) rent from them on their half of it. But I was obliged to become responsible for the rent of the whole House or not get any of it. I have paid one quarters rent on it which amounted to fifty-six dollars and seventy five cts ($56.75). Deducting the sixteen dollars ($16) leaves your Bill for rent of School House forty dollars and seventy five cts ($40.75) Should I receive the balance due from the colored people which I am in hopes to do I will put it down to your Credit. We commenced to occupy the Building the 15th of November hence the quarter will be up the 15th of Feb. and I am in hopes by that time you will get rid of paying School House rent, as the Colored people have bought a building for a Church and I am aiding them every way in my power by turning over to them Govt. lumber and otherwise to fit it up with the understanding that we shall have the use of it for our Schools when it is completed. I am paying two hundred and fifty dollars ($250) House rent per Annum for Teachers, and have paid it from the 1st of Oct/65. to the 1st of March/66 which amounts to One hundred and four dollars and fifteen cts ($104.15). But I will give you these figures in connection with other items in the enclosed Bill, and close this letter by saying that I have endeavored at all times to manage your affairs as if they had been my own, always keeping in view the noble work in which you are engaged and the fact that you depend upon the Charity of the public to defray the expense of it, We feel very proud of our Schools here in Staunton and do not consider consider them second to any in the State and nothing would give us more pleasure than to have you, or any, or all of the Officers of the A. M. Association visit their Schools at this point. You have no doubt noticed by the Teachers reports that our Schools have been named respectively Hunt, Strieby, Whiting and Whipple Schools--now we think that the least that some of you can do is to pay your name-sakes a visit and see if they are worthy to be so called. I promise you at all events you shall see the most intelligent class of this oppressed people you have ever met. And now wishing you success in this work