I received your dear letter & was beginning to think you had forgotten your coz who loves you so dearly" John we are all well except Pa he has a [unclear: felling] on his [unclear: hand] he has suffered very much" I have no news to tell you we have been very busy sewing for you soldiers John if you want anything more send me word I will do anything in the world for you, I cannot do much but will do all I can & that is not much" I gave your little message to Sallie she said bless his dear heart". I have been out to see Aunt Ann she frets so much about you & Charlie. John we are going to send you something nice soon, Uncle Tempsays he has an [unclear: Old] Ham he is going to send you & I have made some nice pickles for you. I ashore you, you are not forgotten, I never go to bed without thinking of you. I hope the dark cloud that now hangs so heavily over our country will soon break forth in Glory" But O' how threatening it now seems" John I have a secret for for your ear, I have met & parted with one who is all the world to me, & who do you think it is could you guess, he is a cousin you know I all ways so unfortunate falling in love with Cousins. he lives faraway was on a visit we met & now we are parted for six week you can guess the rest" we parted last Sunday he to go to his distant home last evening I received his Picture from I know not where, somewhere on the road & what a surprise. He lives in Louisiana you can guess who it is" John Bill Cochran is in Staunton a member of Capt Lilley company the Augusta Lee Rifles" John do take good care of yourself. give my love to Charlie & tell him to write to me soon John I expect to start away to teach week after next going to  McCormicks, write soon so I can hear from you before I go. I am glad you are going to write to me, I will always let [unclear: them] hear from you. John I must close I have written in a great hurry. I had an opportunity of sending a letter to day, don't forget to write I will always write, I feel it to be a great pleasure. May he whose eye never slumbers nor sleeps watch over & protect you is the prayer of your