I feel it is to be a great pleasure to be permitted to write to you. I hope you are well my Dear John, & will be a brave boy John. I have no news just waiting to hear all I can from you all. Uncle Temp got your letter. We are so glad to hear from you write often as you can. John do you get enough to eat & is it fit to eat, how I wish I could send you something nice. I saw Sallie [unclear: Harope] yesterday she said I must remember her to you, I didn't think she had so much feeling. We both cried when we talked of you. John you dont know how much we all think about you all & I dont suppose you ever think of us but we will excuse you - I know you have something of more importance. John had you heard John Eagan was married, Lizzie Marrit told me she had gotten a paper with his marriage. John what do you think is to become of us at Home. I think we are in as much danger as those who have gone to war. But John we will trust in Providence for protection. John little did I think when I saw you last it was to be the last for a long time & perhaps forever but I will not think so for I know I will see you again but John if we never meet on Earth may we meet in Heaven. We are both [unclear: liable] to Death & may we prepare to meet again my dear Cousin. John, Cousin Pollie has just come in to see us, they are all well. Aunt Ann is a good deal excited, Cousin Pollie send her love & says take good care of yourself says she would like to send you something good to eat, eggs & Ham. Aunt Ann is always talking about you & Charlie. Rush has not gotten Home yet but is expected soon. John I will write as often as I can I have just read a letter from George Fitch he told us all the particulars. I must make my letter shorter as I want to write to Charlie & some more of my friends. John all send love to you, I havent time to write all the messages. Eslie says she hopes all will soon be over & you will be at Home with us again. John my sincere prayer is for your safe return take good care of yourself & believe me  your ever loving smile soon