I know you are looking pretty sour and have made some awful threats against me because I have not written to you as soon as I promised when I took the parting kiss; but Jennie I feel assured that my excuse will guarantee a pardon. I have had a most horrible time since I reached camp which was not till the morning of the 10th. When I reached Scottsville I heard that my brigade had gone to Lexington. This was truly sad intelligence to me as I knew that I would have to travel out there alone. I steered my course towards Tye-river-gap making slow headway however, for the roads were without bottom in many places and it rained and snowed alternately for several days. I was quite fortunate in getting comfortable lodgings at night and a plenty of corn and fodder for Charley. The people of Nelson and Albermarle are very kind and liberal towards soldiers. At several places they would not take pay, at the same time inviting me to call whenever I passed that way. At Tye-river I was delayed in consequence of high water and had to put up at a Free negro's house, as there was none other near by. I had a gay time crossing the Blue-Ridge. The road was a solid sheet of ice as slick as glass. Charley would go forwards two feet and slip back four. I had to lead nearly all the way up the mountain. Night overtook me before I got half way up the ridge and I was forced to seek shelter at an humble cabin where dwelt a poor but hospitable mountaineer who kindly took me in and shared with me his lowly hut and scanty fare. He had a large family of children among them three grown daughters and as there was but one room to the house we all had to sleep in the same apartment. We all sat up till a late hour, the father interesting me with a history of his life as a trapper and hunter in the mountains of Va. describing many thrilling incidents of encounter with bear and wild-cat, and the girls entertained me with an account of their scramble up the mountain side ahunting chestnuts. They told me they had gathered 60 bushels this Winter. Looking at my watch I found that it was near mid-night and remarked to "mine host" that as I felt tired from my long ride or rather walk that day, I believed I would retire. "Well", said he "You can turn in whenever you are a mind to. There is your bed ready," pointing to a little trundle-bed in the middle of the floor. Of course I hesitated, thinking the ladies would withdraw and give me a chance to undress and "turn in", but as they gave no signs of any such move, after waiting about twenty minutes, I commenced to remove my outer apparel and was soon snugly ensconced in the trundle-bed. Pretty soon the old man and old lady went to bed leaving the girls still up at work. The smaller fry had long since been stowed away in different corners of the room and were sound asleep snoring sweetly. After allowing me sufficient time to get to sleep (which the novelty of the scene of course prevented) the girls too commenced to dispense with their unmentionables displaying strong muscular limbs and well developed chests. They soon jumped into a bed very near my own and in a few minutes were in the land of dreams. I now quickly followed suit and did not awake till the next morning when the old man aroused me calling to Jim to get up and make a fire. Jim soon had a roaring fire and then the girls got up, ran into their clothes, and went out to milk the cows, feed the chickens etc. etc. I took advantage of this opportunity to get out of bed and dress myself. The girls had breakfast by sun rise. I dispatched my morning meal and continued my journey up the mountain. The next night I stopped at Mr. Robert Carson's, claimed kin with him, got in his good graces and fared sumptuously, having free access to his brandy bottle. I found the Command encamped near Middle-Brook in Augusta County. The horses were starving to death and the men on the eve of mutiny. The brigade had been marching every day for ten consecutive days stopping any where that they could get a day's rations of forage. The day I got to camp the command was ordered to report to Gen. Fitz Lee at Waynesborough. We marched down there in the night through a cold freezing rain over roads that were barely passable in the day time. We reached Waynesborough about 2 oclock at night and went into camp cold, wet and hungry. I thought I would not live to see morning, but I did, and such a wretched scene I have never before witnessed in or out of the army. Our poor horses shivering with cold and famished with hunger were neighing piteously and biting the bark from the trees to which they were tied. The men looking like graven images were crowded around the sickly fires that we could scarcely keep burning the rain came down in such torrents. We remained at W (Waynesborough) a day and night drew rations for the men and a small handful of hay for the horses. We then started across the ridge crossing the mountains at Rock-Fish Gap. When I tell you it was cold on the top of the mountain I mean but faintly to describe the severity of the weather. The wind blew bleak and chilling from the Blue ridge and North Mountain making it difficult for a man to stand on his feet. After we got to the foot of the mountain on this side I thought I had been suddenly transferred to a different climate. We soon went into camp and managed to make ourselves quite comfortable for the night. The next day we came to Charlottesville, encamped a few miles from town, managed to steal a plenty of hay for our horses and slept that night with clear consciences. The following day we marched to this place where we are now encamped in a large body of woods with an abundance of wood, water, and persimmons. We get nothing for our horses but a little wheat-straw, not a half enough of that. If the Cavalry is not disbanded Wickham's Brigade will not have two hundred men for duty in the Spring. A large majority of the men who go home on details now come back without horses. They say they will not bring horses here to be starved. I have only drawn two feeds of corn for my horse since I got to the regiment and only one feed of hay and two of wheat-straw. You would not know my horse he has fallen off so much. We have only 12 men for duty in my company. The surgeons send every man to the hospital who reports sick as they have no medicines. Maj. Grigg and Macon Raine who had just returned from home started to the hospital this morning. Pompey Branton, Thos. Hubbard, and Goodrich Mosby started home today. I expect to follow suit very soon. I do not intend to stay here and see my horse starved to death. I learn that we were ordered here to relieve Gen. Lomax's command that has been picketing the Robertson river and guarding the Orange and Alexandria R.R., Gen. Roper has been on a raid over in the Moorefield Valley. It is rumoured in camp that he surprised and captured the garrison at Beverly in Randolph County charging into the town whilst the Yankees were feasting at a grand-ball. You see my paper is out so I must tell you good bye. Excuse this horrid penciling. Write in answer particularly and a long letter to