Your favor of the 29 Sept was duly received and I hasten to reply. I went out to your house this morning to see about the boxes, you spoke about, they are not at the house and I could not ascertain whether they were at the depot, all your boxes were thrown in a pile, I seen [unclear: Burk] in regard to a car, he told me he would charge you thirteen dollars for a car, and that he would ship your goods on Saturday next, so that you may look out for them at Afton or on Monday, he says you can pay the freight there as well as in Staunton. Well John there is no news of any importance in Staunton, things are still going on in their usual course, Tho. we miss you very much, I have the question frequently asked me where you are, and how you are pleased with Nelson, the Federal Court is in cession tho. there will be very little business done at this term, the Jarvis [unclear: land] suits will not be tried I think. We looked for you over this lastweek. We have a very melancholy case of attempted suicide. I allude to a man of the name of Bushnell from the city of Washington who arrived in Staunton on Friday last and stoped at the American hotel and in a fit of derangement attempted to kill himself--by shooting himself in the back of the head, he is still alive at this time tho. there is no hope of his recovery, the ball entered above & behind the right ear and lodged in the fore part of the head, more than a teacup full of brains were lying on the floor when he was found. I was down at Tinkling Spring on Sunday and took dinner at your Father's. They are all well, the old gentleman had just returned from a trip to Albemarle, John thinks he will visit Nelson this next week if nothing happens, John there was a man in town on last Monday who wanted to pay some money to you as thesurety of [unclear: Brodi], I have forgotten his name, he requested me to write to you and get the note as he is anxious to pay the money! The parties interested in the deed of trust to you from [unclear: Sillings] for the benefit of 1 A Patterson, were in town and want you to execute a release deed, as the trust is satisfied. I believe I have given you all the news I have to write, and therefore will stop, give my love to all the Family, and write soon and let me know how you are pleased with your new home