I drop you a few lines in a business point of view" there is a great stir in this part of the world in regards to the election of a Judge of the Court of Appeals. We have been at work during the past few days in getting up a call for of John Baldwin, you will see this, in the paper I send you. We had but a few days to get signers to the call. Baldwin has consented to run -- and I want you to get up a demonstration in his favour in advance of Robinson. Robinson has announced himself a candidate, I had a talk with Baldwin this morning and told him I was going to write you, and he requested me to say to you, to see Whitehead in regard to the matter of course you must not tell W. this, if you can get up a paper and get as many signers as possible, and send it to me I will have it published. I think that if the friends of B. do their duty he will be Elected beyond all doubt, there will be Robinson from Albemarle Parker from Frederick [unclear: Jim] Barbour, and perhaps Thos. J. Michie" So you see there will be a lively time" John I want Baldwin elected on various grounds in the first place he is the best qualified man in the district, 2 nd  it would suit him, and third it would be a great thing for us small fry to get him out of the way, tho you may think this a sinister motive, but let that be as it may it is human nature and cant be helped" We have a [unclear: sick] time in the Tenth Session for Congress Jim Skinner to Harman J S [unclear: Harris] and a man by the name of Newman from Rockingham are all out for Congress, and we will have a fine fight, if the democracy do not call a convention in self defence I think the opposition do not intend to hold a convention, but the democracy are becoming alarmed in this county" they have good reason for it, if Harman and Skinner both run they will divide the vote and by that means will electe John S. Harris, and they both Swear they will run. I dont care a [unclear: straw] who is elected tho, I will vote for Harman" The only danger of the oppositions holding a convention is this, if we hold a convention it will force the democracy into, a convention and of course they will elect their man, and as it is, we have the choice of the democracy and can elect the man we wish, otherwise a man from Rockingham would get the nomination, and thereby we would loose the representative from this Co. Well John I was sorry in looking over the proceedings of the Nelson meeting to appoint delegates to the Richmond Convention, not to see the name of my friend John H McCue" and I want you to explain this matter. I would like to give you some of my  in regard to the nominating an opposition ticket but have not the time now, but will do so soon. I want to write you a long letter and give you all the news from this county. I am going to Elizza's wedding on thursday" give my best love to Coz. Liz" and the little Boys and Kiss the little girls for me. I will come to see you before spring