My hope of seeing Dr Brown has been frustrated , & I have been obliged to abandon the trip to Lewisburg.  The imprudence of my coming to Richmond is more evident than ever. In this part of the country there is no safety for travellers, even along the neighborhood roads. Men travel about, & arrest any citizen they meet without regard to law, and carry the prisoner to the army You of course would be subject to no such danger, but a quiet [unclear: retiracy] is my only safety. Until a few days since, the country from Staunton to Lewisburg offers every facility for the test of McCausland's idea. It is not much changed now. Could you run up to Staunton and consult on the subject of your letters to me? Apprise me by say two or three days notice (getting my letters from town is so uncertain) & I can meet or send for you. Under the apprehensions, & with the view I expressed in my last from the Southwest, I could not venture to visit you with safety. You have no such apprehensions.  It seems to me that the Governor of my state (whose authority I acknowledge as supreme power of government) might & should protect me from the dangers by which I am beset. I have frequently thought of applying to him for it. I ought not be placed in a position which requires me to do that which is utterly revolting to the purest sentiments of nature or to seek refuge in a prison. Poor old Va  is utterly ignored - she is powerless My uncle Mr E S Arnold now in Richmond contemplates a movement similar to that suggested. In accordance with an arrangement made some time ago, he has written to consult with my present intentions. I rec'd his letter by some mail with yours, & will feel it incumbent upon me to apprise him of any arguments I may make. If it should be inconvenient to you, it is not all improbable he would confer with you, & then come up to see me, & report your plans. Like yourself he has something to apprehend from the causes which prevent my coming to Richmond.  My kind remembrances to the family. 