You kind and welcome letter of the 8th inst reached me safe today which found me well & very glad to hear from you for I was anxiously awaiting your reply. I felt so lonely lying in camp with no excitement but at last your dear letter came which was indeed a healing talisman in writing & anxious hearts if ever I prize a letter it is when  such circumstance I am satisfied there is no one who is more fond of communicating with dear friends than I am. Letter writing is a pleasant mode of binding a vivid remembrance of friends & I think I enjoy it as much as any one but some times it does not suit my purposes. I pine for a more general & extended chat, I wish very much that I could have the pleasures of meeting with you again & again that we might become better acquainted my short stay with you I have discovered many  qualities in you which has made undescribable impressions on me ours is a very singular case it is not often the case where such a friendship springs up two between two relative strangers Ever thankful I hope our friendship may be a lasting one &c Sister you say that you have lately hurd that I met with one of your neighbors & made enquiry in regards to your self. I am indeed surpised to hear that it is indeed a mistake let me assure you that I have never met with any one from your county since I saw you it is not my interest that I should have done as you heard I did but I assure you I did not have the opportunity  I dont claim to be all  Sister but I dont hesitate to say that your pleasant appearance gave me entire satisfaction as regards your definitive worth Many thanks, Miss Kate, for your favorable oppinion of me I am very sorry that it is not a  matter you asked if I was in the fight near Richmond, I was not. I had not been relieved from duty in Westemoreland, I returned to camp on the 9th of this month. have not been very quiet since I got here as the enemy kept us moving untill two days ago at which time we settled affairs all is quiet now. Our losses were very slight. Well Miss Kate fearing I may bore you with my uninteresting letter I guess I had better close. My kindest regards to your fair family, please let me hear from you ever sooner. your letters are most welcome messengers, with my warmest wishes for your wellfare & happiness 