With pleasure I avail my self of the first opportunity to respond your ever dear letter of the 1st inst which was recd the 4th. I have been very anxious to reply sooner but could not possibly do so my dear friend I can not find words to express the delight with which your letter was received and read, just at the time of its reception the two grand Armies in Virginia began to move. That day we had been under arms & in the saddles alday. all was excitement looking forward to the result of the coming great battle. of course it was a time for excitement, curious thought & sadness. late on the evening above mentioned, when I felt that our thoughts prayers & vigilent acts should be directed to the great task before us to be performed, I, for my part felt quite dejected & very anxious as to the issue of the next few days, Just then your pleasing & ever welcome letter came The well recognized hand writing upon the back sent a thrill of joy to my very soul & when I had given its interesting pages a carefull perusal you must know that my countenance wore an expression of delight for just then a friend past by & remarked "Bob that must be a letter from your lady love. See boys said he how his brow is lit up. I answered no, but told him that it was from one whom I love as such & true it is there is no one who has a larger space in my heart than the one to whom I am now writing. I am glad to hear that you spent such a pleasant time attending church believing as I do that you have the proper appreciation for such duties. Now let me tell you of my profound admiration of your frankness & honesty of heart in telling me of your engagement I truly hope you have selected one worthy of your hand & I must say for him that he has been fortunate in winning the heart & hand of so noble a being as your self who in my humble opinion is worthy the love of a prince. Not withstanding he has but little of Earthly treasure I am satisfied he is a worthy young man as you think so. Earthly treasures should not be our object in matrimonial selections, it might be well said for me for I know if ever I am loved it will be for my self alone for I have neither Earthly treasure now mental or spiritual gifts. All that I can offer at the shrine of bounty is my worthless self. As regard your picture rest assured I want it & shall anxiously await your next letter hoping you may conclude to trust me with it & I promise if you wish mine you may have it as soon as I can have it taken, I suppose the sight of it may be gratifying to your curiousity but certainly not pleasing to the eye but I would only give it as one taken of momento of of friendship for were you free to now be wood I am not endowed with any of the qualities that are likely to be admired. Well my friend I reckon you expect some news but I think it useless to under take to give you all the particulars as I suppose you've the substance through papers as for our brigade we for the first time in any campaign since the war began have had comparitively an easy time it is time we have had hard marching & very hard duty but little fighting upto to day we have been constantly with our horses saddled & on duty (22 days) & have only lost about 25 or 30 men from the Brigade 8 or 10 from my Regiment, none from my Company one man was struck but uninjured. I am thankful to God that we been as blessed but the work is not hard and we are now confronting the enimy on the North Anna river in Hanover county looking for a fight at any time our troops are in fine spirits & always ready for action. I hope that freedom will soon be ours though I may not live to see it. I trust the Lord may hasten the happy times, I have told my brother of our correspondence. he will according to your wish destroy any letter coming to me & inform you of the fact should any thing happen. I close for want of paper with my imperfect prayers & many wishes for your welfare & happiness. I ask you in like manner to remember & write soon to your unworthy but constant friend