Your very kind & dear letter of the 21st inst reached me safely a three days ago which found me quite well & truly glad to hear from you & to hear that you with your Fathers family were well but I am very sorry to hear of your unpleasant feelings from the tone of your letter you appear to be in a measure greatly troubled. your language was such as would lead one to believe that you feel like one forsaken, like one enshrouded with the dark shaddows of gloom wending this way as it were in some isolated region amid trials & troubles unspeakable with no one to cheer you. no sound of a merry or well known voice to brake the stillness of the midnight hour. no strong arm to shield thy fragile form in the hour of apparant danger. no fond eye to meet the steady gaze as you look to the dark & untried future. dearest Kate, would that I was capable to day of speaking to you with lanugage that would cheer your drooping spirits, to clear remove the dark cloud from oer your way & brighten your path with the briliant sunshine of joy & consolation, but as it is using one of your expressions "You must take the will for the deed." I am exceedingly anxious to have the full causes of your troubles not that I could feel that I would be able to soothe you in the least but I would be very glad to know all that in any way gives trouble or displeasure to my dear & ever faithful friend Kate. If the secret of your discomfort is not too profound I will be much gratified to know all about it, with a promise never to divulge it to any one. well for a change of the subject I will give you a little of the news of the day. it is generally believed that our Government is about to send commissioners to confer with the Federal authorities preparatory to coming to some terms of peace. may the blessed Lord grant that they may be able to come to some honorable terms of peace. The weather is extermely cold. we have a perfect ill harvest just at this time. well dear Kate you will have to excuse my short letter. please dont think I am getting careless about writing, for I assure you that nothing gives me more pleasure than to write & receive a letter from you for you are the only constant & faithfull correspondent I have. I hope when I hear from you again that your letter may be teeming with good news, & that you my dear darling sister Kate may be your self again with my tender regards to the loved ones at your home with much love for you dear Kate