Your very kind long looked for & ever welcome letter of the 11th just reached me safely about 8 oclock last night. I was truly delighted to hear from you. I felt exceedingly anxious about you when I wrote to you in September I was by no means sure that my letter would ever reach you. consequently I laboured under many fears & doubts as to whether I should ever hear from you again or not & to be deprived of a correspondence with so dear a friend as I claim you to be would be truly hard to bear with. Ah! my dear Kate I am sure you can form no idea how much I missed the pleasures of your dear sweet letters during our long silence. I was truly deprived of a pleasure beyond the comprehension of many but now that our correspondence has commenced again I feel perfectly delightful I hope that nothing may happen to prevent a regular correspondence as long as we continue to be such devoted friends. I am satisfied that marriage on my part will never make me forget my dear sweet sister Kate as for my dear little friend Lou she is well aware that you & I are devoted friends & correspondents & I know her well enough to be perfectly satisfied that one of her kind & gentle nature will, or does highly appreciate your true & unselfish friendship for sure, but as for marrying, indeed my friend that is something that I certainly dont expect to do soon my present situation will not admit of any thing of the sort. were I to get married now I dont think that I would be doing any lady justice in consequece of my embarrassed situation in life. I am fully determined never to marry any one until I feel capable of placeing the object of my affections in a paralel condition to her present one or better it if possible. Therefore I fear it will be a long long time before I can realize any thing of the kind. Well enough on that subject I am truly glad to hear that your dear brother & friend Willis are safe at home after the great fall of our poor old Confederacy. it is truly a great blessing that they were spared to return to their homes & loved ones. I assure you that I have really enoyed peace & quietude since the close of the war not withstanding that it did not end in accordance with my desire & at first I was truly thunderstruck, but when I considered that the grief of one could not possibly do any good I concluded I would try to enjoy peace & the sweets of home once more & try to thank God that it was no worse & that a few of us were spared to tell the tale. You see from the steading of my letter that I have left old westmoreland for a season & am at this time staying at this place where I expect to be for several weeks. will try to keep you posted as to when I shall remove from here so that your letters may always be properly directed so they may reach me safely. you must write to me as often as you can your letters are such a great comfort & satisfaction to me. You must remember me kindly to your Pa & Ma & sisters & all enquiring friends if there be any, but of course I dont expect there are any from the fact that I have no acquaintances in that section of the County. With much love for your dear self believe dear Kate to be as ever