Your most dear, & ever welcome letter of the 3rd inst. reached me safely a few days ago which found me very well & truly glad to hear from & to hear that you together with your father's family were enjoying good health & prosperity, with the exception of the little bad feeling which prevented you from attending Church but I truly hope that ere this reaches you, you may be fully restored to perfect health again. Well Sis. Kate it is now drawing very near Christmas. Many in this place are in anticipation of a gay time, at balls & parties but I dont expect to be here during the Christmas. My calculation is to leave here Christams night for home if I am not disappointed. That is if the Steam Boat does not fail to make its usual trip from Baltimore. I cannot tell now whether I will return to this place soon or not, it depends altogether upon future arrangements. I reckon you had better not answer this, until you hear from me again as there is no regular line of communication to my County & as it is near mid winter the Steamers are about making there last trips. Consequently we are soon to be deprived of the only means of Public conveyence or Communications with this place Should I return to Fredericksburg again I will write to you immediately. I truly hope you may spend a pleasant time during the Christmas. I really wish it was in my power to visit you this Christams I am sure I could spend a pleasant time. it was two years the 14th of this month since we parted. Well do I remember that eventfull day. What strange things time has brought about. Two years ago we knew each other only as strangers tonight I address you my Dear Kate as Sister & must say as I have often said I love you as such I feel like I am writing to one who truly merits all my love, in whose heart I am proud to say I have a place, according to my unshaken confidence in your most noble & worthy self. Remember my dear Sister that though we be ever separated, you will ever be a bright star on the pages of my fond memory if life is spared & fortune smiles I am determined to see you. I assure you there is nothing that would be more gratifying to me than a visit to Rose Dale, the home of my much love Sister Kate. The night is growing old I must close for the present by wishing you a Merry Christmas & happy New Year my love to all, wish your dear self may God forever bless you.