You very kind and ever dear letter of the 5th of April was duly recieved which found me quite well & truly glad to hear from you. I reckon you think very strange of me for not replying sooner but when I tell you the reason I know you will forgive me. About 5 or 6 weeks ago my eyes became so very weak that I could not possibly see to read of wrote consequently I could not answer your letter, & even now, it is with the greatest difficulty imaginable that I can barely make out to write I am reduced to the painfull necessity of wearing glasses. it is truly a sad missfortune for ones eyesight to be so seriously impaired as is the case with me at this time, but I hope by the constant use of green glasses to have my sight restored. My Brother once suffered with the same missfortune but regained his sight by wearing glasses. I hope I may be equally fortunate. Well Sweet Sister (Oh! how I love to call you Sister) you must not expect a long or interesting letter this time for it is very painfull to my eyes while I am writing & besides I cant see the lines on the paper consequently my writing will be very crooked & imperfect all of which I hope you will excuse. I am really sorry that I cant write so as to interest you for your dear sweet letters are always so truly interesting to me, I wish my mind was more expansive, or that I was capable of producing language that when transmitted to paper would fully unbossom my self to you. That I could tell you in impressive language how dear you are to me & how much I appreciate your friendship. had I the intellect of a Byron & could wield the pen of a Novelist then might I give you some idea of my profound admiration of your instimable worth as a lady a Christian a true noble & constant friend one whose love I regard as a boon too sacred to be bestowed upon one so insignifficant as my worthless self. I cannot use figurative language therefore Dear Kate, can only say I believe you are good & in simple language say, I love you & am devoted to you more than any friend under the same circumstances. It is truly greivious to my me Dear Sister that I am so situated that I cant visit you. I know of nothing that would afford me so much pleasure as to be convenient so I could enjoy your society often, but if ever I am blessed with means & opportunity, rest assured I will certainly visit you. Well Sis Kate, I have no news to communicate that would be interesting to you times are exceedingly dull & money scarcer than I ever knew it before. Farming is the principle order of the day, though crops are looking very badly in consequence of the cold wet season, fears are entertained that crops will be very short this year as the weather keeps so unnaturally cool. The health of the people is generly good in this community. I am in better health than I have been for six months. My brother enjoys fine health. My father's family is well himself excepted. he is quite old very infirm & constantly complaining. You must remember me kindly to your father & family, with much love for your self