In compliance with Cir. 6 S. 1866 (BR.F.&A.L.) I have the honor to report a condition of Bureau affairs in this Sub Dist. That in Highland County the general feeling towards Freedmen is unfriendly but they avoid all controversy and are gradually migrating to adjacent counties wherever they find opportunity to better their condition. In Augusta Co. employment is readily procured at fair wages, $8 to $12 per month for men, with rations, which taking into account the cheaper price of Corn Meal & Bacon is equal to higher rates paid in Eastern Va. [unclear: Mess.] Mason R.Road contractors wish to employ 100 or more laboring men at $1 per day without rations or $16 per month & Rations, 15lbs Bacon, 3lbs Coffee, 6lbs Sugar, 75 lbs Corn Meal, & 1 Pound Salt, also free passage to the works, between Jackson River and Covington, if they remain one month or upward. Mess. Mann [unclear: &br] refer to Gov. F. H. Pierpont & others for Wood Choppers $15 per month is offered and such labor is in demand. The condition of the Aged, Sick & very young both White and Colored is however distressing and I regret to find myself without Food or Clothing to relieve the many deserving applicants, especially of those living in Staunton. Mr. Bunch, Overseer of the Poor has inadequate means at his command it is true but he lacks any sympathy whatever and I have been compelled rather sharply to insist upon relief for old and sick colored women. Referring to my predecessor's Report under date April 1st 1867 I would most respectfully call your attention to the need for providing some Medical attendance for the very poor in this place. At Staunton is the focus for seven (7) important Turnpike roads, hence there is always a floating population who have here neither home or friend, and if sickness overtakes them are helpless. Dr. S. C. Harris of this town has to my knowledge since my arrival here, and as I learn previously, not only given his professional services, but medicine without pay. His own circumstances are very straitened and though he freely donates the past he cannot go further unassisted. I therefore on behalf of many sufferers, some sick of typhoid fever, ask an appropriation of Twenty five ($25) per month for Dr. S. C. Harris if he will continue to prescribe and furnish medicine for destitute colored person at Staunton. If a small amount of Food can be issued it will alleviate much distress.