In compliance with Cir. 6 S. 1866 (BRF & AL) I have the honor to report as condition of Bureau affairs in this Div. (comprizing the counties of Augusta & Highland) that at the present time and in prospect for some months to come the Freedmen in this district will be fully employed at very remunerable wages. the bountiful crops of Wheat &c rendering farmers willing and able to pay liberally while those of the Freedmen who have rented land on shares or for money will realize a good return for their labor. In anticipation of this and in view of the abundance and cheapness of vegetables and believing also that it is the duty of the prosperous to aid the needy of their own race I have not made any requisition fo Rations for issue in July believing that none will suffer. I shall observe closely, and if I find any cases where want exists and the full relief of which does not legitimately belong to the local authorities I shall promptly report the same to the S.A. Comr of the District and request needed supplies. This office is still sought by a large number of Freedmen who have been [unclear: overreached] or cheated in settlements for labor performed. As to these cases I repeat my former report that parties, as a rule, are ready to comply with every requirement of the Bureau and make fair settlements. The really important settlements will however as usual occur when those working on shares have an accounting for supplies furnished to them during the working of the crop and which supplies are chargeable against the crop returns. I heard less of threats against Freedmen in case they vote "Radical" as it is termed. I do not attribute this to change of sentiment on the part of the citizens, but the labor of the Freedmen is not absolutely necessary to the farmers and they think more of the present benefit of freedmen than the prospective danger of a Radical majority. The meetings which have been held at several places in Augusta Co. have been attended by a respectable "outside" sprinkling of whites and no interruption has anywhere occurred. The Freedmen are moderate in their ideas but to a man insist upon such legislation as will secure them present rights in the time to come. In Highland Co. the Freedmen are few and will not take any steps towards organization or public assertion of their rights, and from the character and expression of the citizens as seen & heard by my at Court held at Monterey, they could gain nothing by any association. The Freedmen left in that County are however generally well treated now as the citizens find they leave at once if any undue pressure is bought to bear against them. In both counties I have labored personally to instruct them in their rights by meetings (public) in the evenings so as not to interfere with work on the farms and I am encouraged to think that my endeavors have benefitted both colored & White and that a better feeling between the two classes is the result of the explanations made.