In compliance with the requirements of C.O. No 6 S. 1866 (B.R.F. & A.L.) I have the honor to report on the conditions of Bureau Affairs in 4th Div 9 S.Dist. that since date of my last report there is no change in the general condition of Freedmen. The amelioration and elevation of their condition is progressing favorably, slowly it is true but perhaps all the more surely. Employment continues abundant, much of the crop not yet being housed and threshing of that already saved, pretty general. So far as has been brought to my notice the farmers have paid harvest wages promptly and in cases of disagreement under old contract where the amount involved is within the jurisdiction of magistrates I can obtain prompt settlement, but with the larger claims of which I have several I can make very little progress as the Freedmen are too poor to sue in the courts in form of law and contend with their richer debtors. The physical condition of the aged, sickly and orphan colored persons is much alleviated by fine weather and abundance of vegetable food and although there are cases of need they are within reach of the local authorities and I do not expect to have to draw any rations until the Fall of the year unless sickness becomes prevalent. Having by ample notice prepared the persons who have hitherto been assisted for a suspension of Bureau aid, I hear few complaints on account of the stoppage of issue of Rations. The political relations between white and colored present no change in this Division. The whites say little except occasional individual threats, being at last satisfied it is useless to continue the endeavor to make the Freedmen believe they are their "best friends" and the large majority of white over colored voters registered 3,484 W. & 1,206 C. = 2,248 White majority in Augusta Co. and a still greater proportionate majority in Highland Co. makes them more indifferent, as they think they can easily out-vote them at the Polls. The conduct of the Freedmen is most praiseworthy and I do not anticipate any collision in case of an election. In reference to Circular No. 14 HdQrs Asst. Comr Va July 10/67 I respectfully refer to my Report of Bureau Affairs forwarded June 3/67 "If a copy of the Constitution and By-Laws of the Central (Lincoln Temperance) Society at Washington can be furnished to me, I have no doubt branch organizations can be established here" As yet I have not received such copy of Constitution &c Drunkenness is more prevalent among white than colored people in both counties and with but two exceptions white men are the keepers of the drinking places. I regret that some provision cannot be made to furnish medicine for poor Freedmen here. Sickness is most common in families where poverty exists and although Dr. C. R. Harris continues to prescribe gratis for the needy poor colored people, as I have reported in previous months, he cannot furnish medicine also and in some pressing cases I have had to pay for prescriptions out of my own pocket. A trifling appropriation by the Bureau would do much good and if this cannot be made with a small assortment of medicine be furnished to me on requisition? The aged and orphan colored people will need much attention through the coming winter and I know nothing which will tend more to alleviate their condition than affording facilities for the reunion of familes most of the needy old colored people in this county having been deprived of their natural supporters by the sale of their now adult chilren to other States.