In compliance with the requirements of C. O No. 6 S. 1866 (B.R.F. & A.L.) I have the honor to report on condition of Bureau affairs in 4th Div of 9th SubDist. that there is no change to note in condition of Freedpeople. Employment is readily procured at fair wages and many farmers are making arrangements with Freedmen for cultivation of land during coming season on shares. Numerous complaints are still made at this office of unfair treatment in settlements or refusal to pay wages earned but I find as a general rule parties are willing to settle when I bring the account to their notice and in many cases the difficulty arises from ignorance on the part of Freedmen of the terms of the contracts they have signed or forgetfulness of the amount and value of supplies they have received. A great obstacle in the way of advancement among Freedpeople is the frequent changes they make of employers, thereby losing much valuable time from profitable labor and incurring heavy expense in shifting their families and goods. There is not much pauperism, at this time, in this Division, still there is much poverty not perhaps as much as might, under all the circumstances, be expected nor more than can be readily relieved by local public and private charity. Strangers, widows and deserted wives with young families, and the aged who have been brought from other counties are the majority of persons needing help. The social relations between white and colored present no change. The senseless fears of "social equality" make the prejudiced whites unable to see any steps made in advance by Freedmen, in any other light than an encroachment upon their own rights and safety, and the idea of political independence seems to them little less than a heinous crime. The demeanor of the Freedmen is however peaceable and without so decided and general in their expression of loyal sentiment, that I anticipate no difficulty during coming canvass and election. The moral condition of the Freedpeople is not what it should be. There is much loudness, and cohabitation without marriage in common and will continue to be so until the statutes against this demoralizing practise are en- forced by the courts. The Record of Marriages, (under Act Feb 27/66) is carefully preserved in this office, in good order for reference, and is frequently consulted. [unclear: For] additions have been made to the List of names during past month, but I have directed several parties to the County Clerk for licence to marry. I regret I cannot report the organization of any branch of "Lincoln National Temperance Association" in this Division, but I am pressing the matter with some of the leading colored men here and I do not despair of success. I am sorry to report that too much of the harvest wages earned by Freemen has found its way into bar rooms and with two Circus exhibitions during the month there has been more drunkeness than any previous month I have been here. I am pleased to find there is a prospect of a small supply of Medicines from Dr. [unclear: De Lamath] Surgeon in chief B.R.F.&A.L. for the benefit of Indigent Freedpeople. When received care shall be exercised that none save the class for whom it is intended draw upon it. The desire for reunion of families (colored) separated in years past by the vile traffic of the slave trader, is general and often, through medium of this office, successful. One great obstacle in the way of prosecuting such enquiries is the destruction or [unclear: secretion] of the books of the large Slave Marts at Richmond.