A letter dated Staunton Oct 4/67 purporting to be but not in E. Lawson's handwriting, forwarded by you to Mr. Whipple Oct. 8 has been sent here for recognition. Some statements are palpably and some inferentially untrue and did it not reflect upon the present condition of schools and lead to a possible supposition that my application for aid in fitting up the room here was unnecessary, I will should not, as I must say the letter is written by Mr. Tukey and is only a continuation of the [unclear: undermining] operation which the schools here have had to contend against from the same source. In fact, "the house" was rented for school purposes at $25 per month because there was no place in which to teach school as the church building spoken was not even roofed in. Through the influence of Mr. Brackett, seconded by yourself the B.R.F.&A.L. appropriated $300 in aid on the condition that the building aided should accomodate all scholars in Staunton. [unclear: Promises] were fairly made but when Mr. Bowser, the [unclear: co'd] presiding elder came to Staunton he candidly told me that under no circumstances would he permit the use of the church upper room for school purposes, nor ever give an assurance of continued possession of the basement (which only cost $150 in addition to the contract) for school purposes if I paid over the $300 which I of course declined to do. The basement has not been fitted up even yet and when the estimable ladies who have left, taught a pay school after the close of regular session which of course was small [unclear: compared] with a free school the room was unfit to accomodate any orderly school, but when school was talked of for the winter and I applied for the room the Trustees, induced I expect by the writer of the letter in question, asked $15 per month and would not fix up for a school room. Feeling that after the church had rec'd $1,000 from the N. M. E. conference and repeated aid from the Bureau and Teachers, I proposed to expend $100 in fitting up the room to be occupied rent free for the season which they refused, and took no steps to fit up at all. The parents of the children began to complain bitterly, many claiming they had subscribed their money for a school house, not a church. Mr. Brackett came here and a meeting was called which I attended with him and laid the case so strongly before them that the Trustees were shamed into doing something and agreed to give the room free if I would get them $100 to fit up, which thanks to you, I have obtained from the Bureau and I expect to have the room ready for permanent school on Monday Oct. 21. The $60 alluded to was begged I believe in aid of the main building if used for a school but (as I with the $300) they properly refused to give it to a church who would not encourage even a school. The conceit spoken of was got up at great labor by the Teachers and the money raised which was a mere trifle expended for school but not church purposes. The real writer of the Lawson letter did not even attend the concert nor has given a cent or even an hour labor in Sabbath school. The real object of the letter is not to aid the cause of education but to bring Mr. Scott here under Am. Miss. Assn. & through him employ Mrs. Tukey and Miss Dunn as Teachers. To accomplish this "financial" desideratum every effort has been made and if fair means were used or good would result I should gladly say "Take the work". We have now 112 scholars registered for Miss Rowells school a number she cannot possibly control but I cannot recommend that Mr. Scott or any one who would bring back the "old regime" be sent to aid her, as the joint work would certainly prove unpleasant and so far unprofitable. I fear my letter to you may offend Mr. Brackett and I trust it will be confidential except in so far as it may affect your opinion of my application for aid, and even by inference reflect upon the active, conscientious and able management of Mr. Brackett or his teachers.