On receipt of your "personal" note I write to Richmond expressing my willingness to go to Southampton so soon as I could settle up any registration and other accounts here. Since I have thought over the matter carefully and I am not sure if a Bureau agency is a good "stepping stone" and unless the majority of freedmen [unclear: is] decided it might happen that le jeu ne vaut par la chandelle. Is there no really good resident loyal citizen? and how about the politics of the colored men. I am not disposed to run things into the ground to admit color as either a qualification or disqualification or that we owe such a debt of gratitude to the freedmen that we must [unclear: denigrate] our own privileges. Our difficulties, and they are serious, arise almost in toto from making the rights and wrongs of the freedmen our staple doctrine political. The ignoramuses in the convention have done an incalculable injury and it is hard to say who is most to blame the [unclear: Hodges] &c or the [unclear: Hannicatts Bowdens] &c who hope to "tool" the colored votes to northern individual [unclear: s--cents] into Governorships &c We must put the brains of the party in the lead or we shall upset all I fear. I am positive on these few points. I want to "make the traitors take back seats in the work of reconstruction" ([unclear: order] A. Johnson) I want intelligence & integrity as well as loyalty in office. I want the fullest equality for all men before the law but am opposed to attempting to mix oil and water, black and white in one homogenous social mass, because it cannot be done and I want education so general and placed on such a solid foundation that [unclear: each] resolution cannot overthrow it, for depend upon it an ignorant constituency is almost always a venal constituency and colored suffrage may prove a dangerous privilege when it is subjected to the proof of rebel bribery. Gratitude is not over developed in any freedman I have yet met and when they think they have secured all Republicans can give a few acres of waste land will do wonders. But let education become general and thorough and we have a guarantee of safety. Do you differ much with me? and can you give me any light which may be of service? If so, please say. A.J. made a bold bid for the Democratic nomination but I fear even this poor Judas reward will not be doled out to him. Martyrdom has had its day of grand results, and political martyrdom is very poor stock in which to invest in 1868. Write the news