Rejoicing at the reception of your very welcome epistle not long since, conclude to respond without any procrastination, as I was delighted to hear from you a schoolmate & a friend. Oh! it affords inexpressible joy to me, when I get such informative news, from such a kind one, about persons and the vicinity, so much appreciated & admired by one whose memory still points to Christian's Creek and its noble fascinating commodity, with whom I have long roamed. I have not much of interest to write only I have been on the sick list for some few days & desire your sympathy. Give my respects to Miss Mat and Sister. Sorry to hear that so many ladies are going to get married in that neighborhood, & in fact in all vicinities there is nothing but marrying going on: pity the poor wretches that are left single. Have you any singings in your respective places, like you formerly have had, this winter? I have been in some charming meetings of the kind. I have had a splendid time attending singings this winter in New Port & other places. Ther is nothing like having big times on Pisgah's big hills. You asked me to come down on valentine night to have a drawing. I suppose you had a splendid time of drawing. We dad a drawing here, (at Mrs Hull's) some few strangers came in, & we passed off the time very merrily. But I neither sent nor received any valentines. Why are you not going to School this winter? or have you got your diploma. Just come up & see me & my family; I tell you I am just training the young ideas how to shoot. The Turkeyhoe's must be prancing about like wild Turkeys. They have no business coming over here & taking all the South River gals away. Glad to hear that Miss Rachel is rising in the world & in the estimation of the young gals gents. Does Lucian still go to see you yet. Did Mr. Munroe get any Valentines this year to give about? I get very few letters. I wish the girls would all send me a box full. You must excuse this short letter of not much note. I wrote in a hurry; so I conclude with many wishes for your health & happiness. Good evening.