Your very welcome missive by the hand of Annie, could not have been otherwise perused than with some mental effect. I always feel sad, when I think of those who once were our brother associates; but they are gone, & their graves, we can not but think, are the monuments of living spirits, whose bodies have assumed originality. There is a time for sadness & a time for pleasure; & of the former, we ought to be submissive as possible, knowing that it proceeds from afflictions, bereavements, &c. inflicted for our benefit. I have often wished, Midie, that I was a good Christian, not that I could only be better contented here on earth, but that I might be triumphant of Life in death; but why yearn, when there is a way of inheritance? Your advice is wholesome; & is the the path of duty; but how many, like myself, know, & do not (no reference to you.) I suppose the inclemency of the weather, prevented, or made it unpleasant for your singing; my fears of such on Friday changed my intentions: as I have been partially an invalid. Was indeed very sorry to hear of the misforutnte of Miss McC. - learned she was badly hurt. I indeed sympathize with her, although knowing that she is in good hands, & will be kindly waited upon. So Billie is a changed boy - in what respect? fallen from the standard of moral rectitude & integrity, or withdrawn from the precedents to conjugal relations? Excuse inquisitiveness; ha! 'tis all in fun with me. I imagine misplaced affection, with marriage, would be more than miserable; how many half loved marriages take place, in that one or the other commit themselves by word or writ. You say you have much to tell me; as I do not now know when I shall see you, you must write me. As this day adds another year of my life & about the Anniversary of the surrender, so I feel in a bad mood for writing, have no news, more than peace is declared, War at an end, poverty reigns, & new spring goods in abudnance at A. H. Come over & see the latest agonies. My true &c. E.A.S. sends love to you, (my highly appreciated) she is recovering from a very bad cold; she knows not to whom I'm writing but suspects, & said give the above: - truly private, all this, Midie, I wish. As there is a meeting of the Overseers tomorrow, may send up this to Mr. Fauber, to give ot your Pa. Let me know if you can when is the last of your singing, as I want to go over, if possible. Jno. Wright & Sisters were well, when last heard from. Well did you get any April fools? I was fortunate this year; rec'd no chips for dinner. Do you send any Valentines these times? Saw a very nice one not long since, that had been sent to a fellow; in hand-write, resembling yours so much, that it in my mind, was your identical. I however did not tell the fellow that I knew; as telling him, would be telling on self. ha! ha!! Hee appeared very anxious to find out even if he was playing ignorance. I think you & J.S.S. got the thing up. Tried at first to lay the blame on me; but he made nothing. Love to all & much for yourself.