I received your very dear missive not long since - by whom sent, I know not was handed on by one of my school girls, Matter Speck. but nevertheless, not knowing its route to destination, was none the less, interesting. You certainly have been having a gay time this winter, in entertaining company, & most assuredly, after so much fatigue from setting up, was a kind act in you to write me so kind & dear sweet missive; I say so because I believe you are a true friend of mine, although your heart is Billie's. Dreamed last night of seeing Billie; do not think I saw you, but I interpret that he has been down to see you - did you make your lovely appearance? Make a wedding & invite me, I will wait on you with the greatest felicity. Am still in the study of human nature, & the more I study of it, the less confidence I have in myself, & in such conclusion, the analogy may be, that there is little confidence to be placed in any one, beyond open, social relations. But I presume the best way to find out the disposition of any one, is by timely association, but I do not know how your disposition can be found out, or why you wish to know, as you have concluded to live the miserable, sinful, disgraceful life of an old maid. If you were like me, could not get any one, why it would be unavoidable then; but your fastidious notion may leave you an old maid, companionless, as so many offers have been rejected, hoping still for better. ha!ha! How does a person feel from having wrongly placed their affections? would like to know; was very near once, but got bluffed just in the nick of time. Have been very unwell this week; have no school; will resume on Monday next. Have been afflicted with whooping cough for some time back; do you know what is good? ask Mrs. A. tell her, she certainly would have to laugh to hear me barking. You all had your examination & never said turkey; & then ask me why I did not go over? well, well!! I knew of your exhibition but thought it imprudent to out in the night air. Want to go to your singing on the last day, if I can be informed of the time where &c. Why is it that Jno Wright attends your singings so regularly? Because he is so smitten with Midie; am alarmed - afraid the fellow might wrongly accuse me for something; but my innocence will be manifested by the loving display of Midie's affections in return for his. Is Annie's peach still on hands? Wish her much success, although she is displeased with me for what I did not. Curl your hair, hang your ribbons & try again, is my advice; I know you are not too old. As I can think of nothing worth writing, will close, by forgiving & asking to be forgiven. Love to all (bear up.)