I hereby acknowledge the reception of your letter. I was glad to hear from you & to get the news from S. Carolina. There was great excitement here when it was known Fort Sumter was attacked. You say you have excitement in your town but I suppose it is not to be compared with what we have here. There never has been such a time in Virginia. I thought that whilst in Richmond I saw men excited but since then it has reached the acme. The committee sent by the Convention to find out the policy of old Lincoln received no satisfactory answer. Virginia has seceded & I understand it is not to go back to the people & I am glad of it. I do not believe one thousand votes could be obtained in this state to remain in the Union. The military have been called out. My brother left yesterday with his company for Harpers Ferry. For 10 volunteer companies have already left our county & a number are expecting to go in a day or two. The Old Dominion has at length arisen from her slumber to shake off the chains of the abominable abolition tyrant. Old father Abraham has learned that Southern blood dont course through cowards veins & I hope he that the day is not far distant when he will sensibly feel "that somebody is hurt." There seems to be but one determination here and that is to defend even unto death Southern rights & principles. I found my mother still alive but have been looking for her death almost every hour since. She cannot live long so far as we can judge. When I will get back to Newberry I know not. I thought of re-turning immediately but affairs here are in such a condition that I do not like to leave. My brother has gone to the seat of war & my brothers in law expect to leave in a day or two & my father desires me to remain a few days longer if possible. Excuse this badly written letter as I am in a very sad condition to write. I will be glad to hear from you at any time. I will try to get back as soon as I can. Give my kindest regards to the Faculty. I will send you a few newspapers in a day or two. I would like to get a copy of the Columbia or Charleston papers.