I have been promising you a letter for more than a fortnight, but have neglected writing until this late period, though doubtless it will be quite unexpected to you even now as it is almost entirely unwonted for those at home to introduce a correspondence with an absent friend; but you know as hard times increase, all precedent customs as well as general formality diminishes & as I deem my "own dear self" a miss of self-competence sufficient to be governed by momentary impulses I will preface a fashion which I anticipate will remain unimitated though hope not depreciated, if it be a breach of former civility or etiquette if you please. Well, Kate I scarcely know what to communicate first; as I am aware you hear directly from the neighborhood that so frequently that you receive the news almost as early as myself; suppose from what I have learned that your fruition has been dazzling in the zenith of its magnificence during your visit up to the present time; & presume it will not cease to continue as long as parties, are the fashion & Valley Rangers, with plenty of "Tobacco" are the Chorus in your "Town"; Oh! I have a great desire to hear from you. There has no material change occurred within the limits of our vicinity since you left us, we still experience the alternations of joys & greifs which we have been accustomed to almost daily since the war commenced; we, in accordance with the dictates of the Sacred writings rejoice in time of victory & grieve when conquered. Suppose you have heard the particulars attending our friend John Lightner's sickness & death; he died wishing us all to meet him in heaven, which should be our unwearied endeavor & consequently our final end. You had my heart-felt sympathy upon hearing the melancholy news; but this Providence like theirs should be weighed with the balance of humiliation, as the loss of one is the gain of another. Fast Day was generally observed in the neighborhood, preaching at St. Johns & Bethel but none in Greenville or at Calvary. I met with your sister Lizzie, & Jacob at St. Js. that day, we all thought Mr Crawford did admirably on the occasion; but I believe some had the presumption to say it was nothing but a perfect abolition sermon; so much for diversity of opinion. Captain Newton came home yesterday, suppose he has reenlisted, your brother John has recovered from the mumps I believe. From what I can learn the defeats which our forces were compelled to experience have not discouraged our men; as the spirit of reenlisting is still prevailing to a great extent. Well Kate, as my last page is generally appropriated to messages of others which are sometimes prerequisite to a conclusion, I will now give place. Sister Lizzie with Miss Evaline are spending the day with us; Miss Evaline sends her love, & says take great care of Moses in the bulrushes; sister Sue says to captivate him thoroughly bring him up with you, & make a great big wedding for she is almost sick to be at a wedding; just such a one as you & Moses the brother to Jesse would make. Sister Mary sends love & wishes you much success in the beau-line she says tell you that she is afraid the South will be subjugated since- "The man who did his country save, Lies cold and silent in his grave." Mother says tell you Rockingham is the place "for the right sort" so dive down, make a sure grab, & bring up by the locks a most precious Pearl one of dazzling splendor & none to equal. Sue & [unclear: Mag] join me in love. Please excuse all imperfections & honor me with a response very soon if you please.