[unclear: Since] receiving yours of 2d inst, which I read with much pride and pleasure I received the order & letter which I enclose, and have prepared the reports called for, with the exception of the personal narrative rep't. The date at which the last yearly statements were mailed was September 15 1865. I hope none of your relations were sufferers by the great fire in Portland but I suppose many of your friends, and I fear all your family there must have lost a great deal. It seems as if all cities were doomed at some period, to be nearly destroyed by fire. I suppose the Transcript office went with everything else; fortunately the loss of property does not also include loss of life, as might have been the case. I presume you are recommencing practice, and I hope your old patients will be ready to welcome your return. There has been quite a change here. The District has been divided. All the counties from Augusta to Potomac are transfered to the Asst. Comr. Baltimore, & the others, including Augusta attached to 7th Dist (Lynchburg). Mr. How is still at Staunton. He is now borne by Maj White at Richmond, to where Maj R transferred everything in these Counties. The change has made no other difference here, than that the work will be much less, and all the Asst Supts [unclear: more] easy of access. The real power of the Bureau is nothing. I can't even say it has been reduced to nothing for that would imply that it had been powerful but its influence is less and less. Miss Florence Sharp desired me to send you her regards, also Miss Wright the [unclear: Malerys], the Doctor & [unclear: Sla--maker] [unclear: Chalfaut] returned yesterday from York, and I understand that their business here has been so very unsuccessful that they intend to give it up. It is no use for people with decided and open loyal sentiments to do anything here. On the days of the great Federal procession S. [unclear: O'Ch------] store was the only place of any size open in town, Mr. Dennys & Mac kept their grocery stores open & the Journal office and that was all. One Northern storekeeper here turned out in the procession. Mr. [unclear: Slaymaker] comes S. [unclear: -----out] with the quakers 4th of July & had a celebration out at the ridge. Of course after such open demonstrations the [unclear: Ch--lry] wont trade with him. Southern agricultural Stores are pressed to supply the demand for harvesting while their store is comparatively deserted. Mr Watsons addressed the Darkies at a [unclear: pie nie] held lately. His business is very poor, and is worse than it used to be, and it was never good. Maj Remington is a good sound loyal man. The Regulars had a small party or hop at the Hotel recently. Maj R. & Capt Chandler, were the only Officers not invited. [unclear: I could] not have gone, but the slight was, of course, the Bureau. Capt Ellis, who married Miss Griffith, was here and invited but didnt go. Nearly all who went were Rebels. Mr. Ward is very much liked, and has a good congregation, even on the hottest days, and he is a much better man than he was supposed to be. Mr. [unclear: Creave] did good service in drawing the line, so that whoever came after him had to take sides at once, not that I think it was necessary in Mr. Wards case. Maj Remington sends you his best wishes, and will right write. The Feud at our house after many skirmishes finally broke out in open war, and Mr. & Mrs S. & ditto C. left. The Chalfauts went to Wrights, and the Slaymakers to Mrs Chase's. Dr. Atwood has been rendered very proud by an addition to his family. Mother & little girl doing exceedingly well. I don't think any body ever left more friends behind him after so short a residence than you. I never see any one without hearing them enquire about you. Everyone seems interested to hear how you are getting on & where you are, and particularly among the girls, whether you are married. One of the [unclear: S-sch] Newspapers after you left had a very complementary paragraph stating that you were to be assigned to more important duties &c.