I have the honor to submit the following report of inspection of the sub-districts of Bvt. Col. G.B. Carse, and Lieut. Geo. T. Cook. Sub-district of Col. Carse being Rockbridge, Alleghany and Bath Counties. Sub district Lieut Cook Augusta and Highland Counties. I visited the Hdqrs of each Officer and found them competent and efficient in the discharge of their various Bureau duties. Having practical knowledge of proper manner of keeping military records their official books and papers are in commendable condition. Both officers report the general condition of the freedmen in their sub-districts as good. Occasional outrages occur while many employers refuse payment for services rendered, yet in the main the freedmen are doing well though as a rule getting very low wages. Justice will be given in the superior Courts excepting in occasional jury trials yet in all cases as a rule before magistrates no justice will be given. Assaults on freedmen result in the offender being bound over merely to keep the peace in trifling sums by the magistrates and have not in any instance yet been carried before the grand juries for action of the higher courts while complaints for recovery of wages or compensation of labor are not entertained. Yet while the freedmen commit crimes and go before superior courts he stands a creditable show. Col. Carsy's Register of Marriages is partially taken while care has been used to carry out remaining paragraphs of circular No. 11. The County authorities have assured him that they will care for all destitute but have no means for so doing. Apprehends much suffering this winter. Supply of labor about equal to demand. No schools have been established outside of Lexington. The freedmen have a general desire for them elsewhere. Has not had an opportunity of getting full data from Alleghany and Bath Counties. The introduction of schools will meet with much opposition and can only be [unclear: enacted] and supported through Government aid. He doubts whether a house can be obtained for this winters use in Lexington. Lieut. Cook's Register of Marriages has been taken in Augusta County though differing from printed blanks since sent him and necessitating therefore a new registry which as soon as complete he will take that of Highland. He has endeavored to enforce other paragraphs of Circular No. 11. It is the intention of civil authorities to care for destitute having levied a poll tax for that purpose but which will not be in operation before spring. He apprehends also much suffering through the winter if government supplies are cut off as anticipated by order. Supply of labor equal to demand. Schools are in successful operation in Staunton and will be during the winter. None elsewhere in his sub-district though desired by the freedmen. They could be established if places could be obtained in which to put them. The opposition of the whites to the education of freedmen by yankees renders establishment of schools outside large towns almost impossible.