It was with pleasure that I received & perused your kind and Affectionate letter. John & myself have been looking for some time for a letter from some of you all but as often disappointed we had heard that the smallpox was in Zimmermans family but could get no letter from home. I am sorry that it is no worse than it is, though bad enough as it is, I hope they will all an easy time with them. I believe they are right bad in Winchester but as yet there has not been any cases in our brigade as I know of. hope they wont get among us or we will be in a bad fix. We are all well at this time but expecting a big fight most any day. We are moving our camp every two or three days up the Vallie from six to ten miles up the Mountain on the West side of the Shenandoah river, & they on the other side of the Mountain moveing up, so I expect we will come together some of these days before long, it seems like nothing else will do them (Yankees) but fight so I hope if we do have to fight them that we will be able to give them a worse whiping than we have ever done yet if that can be possible but we must trust in our God for the issue. Well Mary it is getting a little cold down here in Camp and some of our boys have not got a blanket to sleep in under & not as much as an overcoat how do you like that way of doing, you all at home don't know what we have to go through & yet we are more lively here than you all are at home, we don't draw anything from the commisary now but flower & Beef we don't get so much as soap anymore we have to buye all of our soap and pay from 50 cts to a $1.00 per pound, and can hardly get it at that. In fact we can hardly get anything in the neighborhood. Potatoes are selling in Winchester at $8.00 per bushel, what do you think of that. If Mr. Grove comes down you all must send me some potatoes & apples if you have them, or anything else that you have, for we can't get anything here. Yes we did bye some pork yesterday at 35 cts per pound, but that is most to [unclear: diggin] on a poor Soldiers pocket book these hard times. Mary, you Lizzie [unclear: Est] must write to me some times as we have no dear brother George now, for you to write too. if I don't answer them you must not think hard of it, for it is not every day that I get a chance to write, & then you must remember that I have somebody else that I like to write, though she accuses me for not writing & I write or have written two since I received any from her. You all will be in a bad fix for riding horses if you loose [unclear: Coly] & [unclear: Pet] then there will be but one work horse on the place. I don't see how they all will get along with their work this fall, father will have to by some horses wont hee. Well I must bring my letter to a close for I want to write a few lines to Mary E. Baylor if you know if you know such a lady if you don't I do & would like very much to see her. Good Bye May God bless & Protect you all is the humble prayer of