I rec'd yours of the 18th [unclear: inst] yesterday. I am sorry to tell you that your Brother John is no more. He was killed in the battle at Winchester, shot in the head I think, though I am not certain for I did not see him, though I was told by some one who professed to know, he lived but a very short time after he was struck. I would of written to you immediately but I did not have time, I wrote home, and told my wife to tell Mary to write to you about and let you know the worst, I have but little good news to tell you, we had another hard fight on the 19th [unclear: inst] were victorious until about three o'clock, the Yanks flanked us and we had to fall back which raised a perfect stampeed, we captured wagons, ambulences, mules, horses, eighteen pieces of artillery & about 1500 prisoners. Though fortune turned & we lost all the artillery that we captured & I believe as much more, lost ambulance, wagons, & I don't know what all we did not losses, though we got the prisoners out by hard work & had it not been that they were in front of the train we would of gotten more of it out of the way. We lost but very few prisoners & an unusual small number of killed & wounded. Though Co. H lost - I think, its full share of in killed we took 11 men with myself into the fight out of that number there were two killed & one wounded. Sergt B.F. Hupp & W.H. McClung were killed or I suppose McClung is dead my this time for he was shot in the head just above the right eye, the ball is in his head, he was [unclear: insencible] in fifteen minutes afterward that was about 9 O'clock in the morning, he was not dead at sundown but still insencible, & seemed to be dieing, Jacob Runkle was wounded in the right shoulder slightly Col Williams was wounded in the right shoulder severely, Col [unclear: Runk] was left at Winchester supposed to be mortally wounded in the side, Dr. Walls pronounced it mortal, Maj Newton wounded in ankle, & it is feared that he will lose his foot. I must close as it is getting late, I would like to give you a more detailed account of our doings in the Vallie, but I have not got the time. I have not rec'd a letter from home for almost a month have only got two letters from home since I left there We have only got one Maj & one Col, Stuart Maj 2d Regt Col [unclear: Spungler] of the 33d Regt I must Close, may God protect you is the humble prayer of