If you think it is so lonely since the "V. Rts." left I will try & have you forget them a few moments, by reading a letter from Home for fear if you think of them so much you will become troublesome on aunt's hands. And I now don't wonder at you feeling lonely, since I have heard that that certain [unclear: Mister] is out of reach of his "Plug of tobacco," & so far away from "his Cousin Janey." Now Kate dont go to grieving about him, for I will have him a plug by the time you get home, not worth while though to get it before as you have forbid him coming until you return "for fear he would fall in love with me." You did not think Miss I would hear all of that but it was too good for the boys to keep; they were still in town, last night, but expected to start this morning. Frank came out Tuesday night & he John Hinton & [unclear: Rubing] R. came out Wednesday evening & stayed until yesterday morning. John & Doc said yesterday morning that they were coming out tonight if they did not have to leave, by the way Jno. is a pleasant boy; I would never known him. Kate we got a letter from John Thursday, he is very well & five miles from Winchester, busy making their cabins, expect to stay there two or three months, but I expect "Will" has given you all that information, as we have not had the pleasure of reading a letter from him you were mindful enough to let him know where to direct his. Capt Newton is at home expects to go back next week. Jim & George started yesterday, they were here Saturday Sunday night I believe Jim looked sadder than he did when he first went away, spoke of having to go alone, without his comrad: Sallie & Sue will sympathize with you!!! Kate, George Jr. is still improving but John is worse he was so much deranged the first of this week that it took four men to keep him in bed his Father is still with him & says he has but little hopes of his recovery. I am sorry, but John is a good pius boy, & God knows all things best. I have something sad to tell you. Andy Mallure's little boy Frank fell in the fire last Friday & was burned so bad that it died Saturday evening. Sue S. wrote to me that she would never forget its screams so severe was its suffering, its little head was burnt very bad & one arm nearly burnt off. Sue said Mrs. Mallure is almost distracted about it there was no one in the room except little Phebe & you know her helplessness. The nurse had just left the room & he got up to walk across the hearth & fell. Dr Tate also buried his little boy last week, it died with the diphtheria. Miss Jinnie's school closed yesterday none of us was over it was late before Doc Jno. Rubing left & I did not feel like going. Hetty has only went one week since you went away she had such a bad cold & pain in her head that she told her to bring her books home, & you know that pleased her very well. Cousin George Armentrout is at home, he came home Thursday. George Kiser has gone to his company again. Tom brought Sue up Thursday. George started from home. I have not seen Mag or Rachel nor Sam since I got your letter but will deliver your messages when I see them. Mr [unclear: Shieles] was at Strausburg last week did you see him pass by the Springs, he went with the waggon. I would have written to you that he was coming in my other letter but Lizzie & Ma told me I had dreamed it, & I thought perhaps I was mistake, but the next day I saw Mary Catherine at the school house & she said he had started on Friday, he took Soldiers cloths down. Cib got home last Tuesday I have not seen him yet. Father says he looks tolerable well. Kate I have a notion to make me a muslin quilt. I want you to ask Fannie Lincorn & Jany Eliza Koontz, Mag & Kate C. Cous A: all my acquaintances for a peace of their dresses to put in it to remember them, if you get any you must send them by Pa he still talks of coming but I dont know when. Ma says the weather is too uncertain to leave home with Flossie now. Flossie was delighted to think that letter was directed to her she had just been wishing to Ellen that she would get a letter from the post office directed to her & Ellen told on her after she got yours: she wants you to tell her how you stewed your fruit. Said I should tell you John wrote he was going to make her a ring out of Laural root, & that she had broke Willie's other arm off, & Strawberry was married to Mr Woodrow. She would like to see Cous Amanda: Mary & Ella, you must bring Amanda home with you! Miss Freman & Mr Hurtz was married last Thursday a week. I heard last Sunday that she was taking the fever. I dont know whether it is so or not she was down at Mr Shovers he married Jane's sister. Kate I reckon you saw that piece in the register that spoke of hanging those traitors from western Virginia among them George Aubry. I dont pitty him much for he had taken up arms against our boys out there & was orderly sargent in a Lincorn company, so Jim Hawpe told me. Well Kate I have some work to do today & must soon close. Uncle Peter &c all well. Bell & John were in town to see the boys last week & Kate tell Mag & Kate I would like to see them give my love to them Fannie & Eliza Jany [unclear: vine], S. & all my acquaintances. Mother says tell Aunt she would like to come down but the weather is so bad & the roads so muddy that she cant this winter, but I will try to get Sam to come, if the Malitia dont get him. Jake talks of joining a Cavalry company if he goes in the Spring. Now I must stop dont forget to answer soon all join me in love to you & all kinfolks. Lizzie says she will write soon. Take good care of your health & tobacco.