I will commence my letter with the sad description of John's funeral. He died Thursday night at twelve oclock, his corps reached home or rather his Uncle Toms Saturday evening, & his funeral was preached there, to a large congregation of dearly loved school mates & friends on Monday. Oh Kate I never saw any one look so life like in my life not one change from the dear face we parted with last summer not one did I say, not one in outward appearance, but oh that one great change that had sealed those dear lips, dimed those eyes & stilled that tender loving heart. Kate I felt as though I must say something to him to wake him up for I could but think he was sleeping, no mortal hand could have smoothed that countenance to such perfect tranquility. John now sleeps to wake no more but his pure spirit unconfined is exploring the regions of the unknown world. After remembering & sending messages to all his schoolmates & friends he told his Pa to tell one & all to meet him in Heaven & his last moments were prayer haveing become perfectly concious. Kate Just two days before his death his Father in mooving his sachel let your likeness fall. John said "Pa take that home with you & take good care of it." I donot know whether he said any more about it or not. I wanted to have a talk with Mr Lightner the day of the funeral but so many were around him asking about John that I had no chance. Doctor McFarland preached an exelent sermon from Psams the CXIX 119 chapter 75:76:&77th verses. The first hymn: It is the Lord, enthroned in Light; The second: Lord we share thy best designs; The last: submissive to thy will, My God. He is buried in Mr Pilson's graveyard by the side of his uncle John Tompson & now farewell dear Jno until the resurrection morn where we hope to meet you in realms of light & blessedness: Farewell, Farewell. Kate I now feel so sad that I can scarcely reply to your funny little ditty which I just  recd  this evening. Much obliged to you my dear girl for warning me not to fall in love with that dazzling little Jno. H. & adding "He is already sold"; but Kate he told me upwards of a goodeal; but think not Kate that these eyes did not very readily perceived that he was far from being sincere. And from the honesty of my own heart feel feel that I have an honorable pride which will not endure to be trifled with. Nevertheless I am of the opinion that he & the certain Jno you spoke of as being the boy are one & the same, now why warn me not to set my cap ("He is sold") & you miss in a far more dangerous position than I! But perhaps you have found out the error of your way as the rich man who saw Lazarus in Abrahams bosom, & like him when you find by sad experience that there is no hope for you, come to testify unto me lest I too fall into the same error. This is the only construction I can put on it & I would say to you in return beware did I not think it eventually & irrecoveribly too late. And Kate Moses will not get a chance to see me or rather will not desire a chance until you get home, for he knows I cannot have the compassion on him that Pharao's daughter had to take his ark from among the flags. So I fear that he would never get "out of the Wilderness" himself, let alone bringing the children of Israel out. Moreover I have no tobacco yet so he must not come until you get home, but when are you coming you dont say anything about that "but I heard you must come the last of March." I dont expect you can leave until the Rangers go away. Well they will be gone by that time. Well Kate you asked me how Charley was I have not seen him for three weeks, he was entirely out here then & he told us a considerable love story that will do for some time to come. I think he is fixing to doge the Militia again, but I think he will have to suffer with them this time. Ask Frank for a description of him. I believe Hetty wrote about he & Lizzie making up! Kate Father sold Nelly today to a  [unclear: Mitchie]  soldier who has enlisted, for a Cavalry nag or he first traded with him & got 150 dollars to boot cash then before he got home sold the one he traded for for $75.00 getting $150. for Nelly. I think her well sold. Cous Abe talks of buying Lucy you had better come home & lay claims to a pony or you will have to walk this summer. Mary told me to get you to tell Cous Frank to take good care of her interests in the Sellars down there. And I have one question to ask Jno. H. (that sold lad) whether he is still an unbeliever? And one to ask you who has bought the precious gem? Mag S. says she will write to you soon Lizzie & Mary were up last week, sends her love to you. I have never got a chance to tell Sam yet. Lizzie said tell Jany that she expects the Malitia will be called & dont think she will get down, give my love to her & tell her to come up soon. Lizzie wants you to ask Aunt Lee if she aint getting tired of of one Kate Armentrout by name. I have cut Lizzie's hair off you ought to see her. She was at the store today & got you a Hat. I dont know how you will get it though. Lizzie says you must try & get those little buttons she told you about, & send them with Pa. I did not know until this morning that he was coming, but Mother cant come along it is too cold & Father cant stay more than four or five days. I would like to see you Kate but if you are happy tis enough, for what matters my earthly happyness now. Well Kate Father & Cous both will tell you more than I can write, it is getting late, but ere I close I will tell you not to have Moses forty years bringing out out of the Wilderness but let it come to pass soon. Kate I have almost read though the bible this year, no doubt you have already thought so while reading this. Give my love to kinfolks & all acquaintances & a large portion for thyself dont let anyone see this I am in a hurry be sure & write by Father to me. Do kiss Janie for me & tell her how we would like to see her, & kiss Kate Carrier & Mary & Etta, Mag, Cate & C. & Fannie L. oh one & all.