I have the honor to submit the following report, giving in detail the status in which I found affairs of the Bureau, in the various sub districts which I visited in pursuance of orders subsequently mentioned: In obedience to Special Order no. 61 Par. 1 Series 1866 Head Quarters Asst Commissioner State of Va. I proceeded first to Harpers Ferry the Headquarters of Captain G.W. Wells A.Q.M. and Asst Superintendent of Sub District E, 6th District - consisting of Jefferson and Berklee Counties. . . . . . . Head Quarters 6th District Winchester Having completed my inspection of the above mentioned locality I proceeded to Winchester Va the headquarters of Brevet Maj. W. S. How, Supt. 6th Dist. Upon arrival I found Maj. How absent at Staunton, he having established his headquarters there temporarily as more convenient of access for the citizens and freedmen of the more southern portions of his district. Learning that he had taken the more necessary books and papers with him, I proceeded directly to Staunton as the better [unclear: point] for the time being, from which to learn the actual condition of affairs in the District. Upon arrival at the latter place, I learned that both Maj. How, and the Asst. Superintendent, Mr. Tukey, were absent attending to business in some of the adjacent counties. The former, however, returned to Staunton the evening of my arrival. Condition of Freedmen &c I made it my business both at Winchester and Staunton and also at various points in my journey down the Valley, to converse with the more respectable and intelligent looking citizens whom I met concerning the condition of the Freedmen, the status of the Bureau, the question of labor as to demand and supply, the condition of the county, &c. Through the rural portions of Frederick, Shenandoah, Rockingham and Augusta counties, I without exception heard that the Freedmen were nearly all employed, indeed all the thrifty and better class, and that it was only the idle and lazy who did not seek employment either regular or irregular who were without it. Even with the impoverished condition of the land, owners and farmers in the Valley, there is a demand for labor and all the Freedmen could be regularly and permanently employed at fair wages - did all desire it. Expense of the 6th District. During the month of April the aggregate expenses of the Bureau in this district have been somewhat reduced. One civilian Supt. and two clerks Mr. Hall and Mr. Adams have ben discharged. Mr. [unclear: Carse] has been appointed Supt. (Asst) of Clarke Co. and two messengers have been employed at Woodstock and Harrisonburg at $15 each per month. Net decrease during the month about $120. No further decrease in expenses can be made in this district I believe at present at least, without hindering the operations of the Bureau, except by the substitution of Officers for civilian agents, of which class there are three - at Front Royal, Staunton and Clarke Co. respectively. I would however, respectfully recommend that Maj. How be directed not to employ in future, either clerks or messengers without the approval, before appt., of the Asst Commissr. In this way only can the expenses be kept within the limit rendered necessary by the [unclear: straitened] condition of Bureau finances. Bureau and Quartermaster Property The District Superintendent has no stores either Quartermaster or Bureau which can be turned over or disposed of. All the property in his possession, and the amount is but small is necessary for use distribution &c Mr. Tukey the Asst. Superintendent of Sub-District B did not return to Staunton during my visit - and I had therefore no opportunity of judging of his papers or capacity for his position. He is spoken of favorably by Maj. How his immediate superior. . . . . . .