I have the honor to submit the following report, upon the General condition of Bureau affairs in the 7th and 8th Dists Department of Va. (as late constituted) made in conformity to Special Orders no. 121 C.S. Bureau R.F. and A.L. Headquarters Asst Comr Dept of Va. dated August 4th 1866. . . . . . . Counties of Augusta, Highland & Bath. These counties constitute a sub district under charge of Lieut. G. T. Cook V.R.C. as Asst. Supt.. The freedmen are generally engaged at labor but do not appear to be in a prosperous or contented position. Lt. Cook makes grave complaints against the local magistrates for their utter indifference and inattention to the complaints of the freedmen, who come before them, especially where such complaints are made against whites. Reports of outrages are frequent, and almost invariably the freedmen are the sufferers, with but little if any chance of redress. When the attention of the magistrates is specially called to a case, and it is at the same time intimated to them by Lieut. Cook that any refusal or delay on their part to act promptly in the matter, will necessitate a reference of the matter to the Asst. Commissioner, they will act, but generally their action amounts to nothing more than to bind both parties over to keep the peace, the innocent with the guilty, the aggressor with the victim. Lieut. Cook does however, report one instance in which the magistrates protected an outraged freed-girl and bound some white citizens over to answer to the grand-jury for a gross assault upon her. Justice to freedmen is however here, the exception and not the rule. Circular No. 7 Bureau RF & AL Washington DC. [unclear: I] inquired of Lt. Cook as to what inquiry the Freedmen were making in the matter of Lands in certain states offered to them by the provisions of the Act of Congress approved June 21st 1866 and in regard to which information has been [unclear: promulgated] in Circular No 7 Headquarters Commissioner Bureau R.F. and A.L. and in reply he informed me that he had not received the circular and knew nothing of its provisions. Marriage register The registry for the county of Augusta had been completed, before the arrival of the blanks distributed for that purpose. I examined it and found it complete with the exception that it did not furnish the names of the former owners of either husband or wife. The Asst Superintendent was convinced that it would be impossible even to get the Freedmen together again, for the purpose of completing the record and in consequence, I directed him to copy his present registry numerically upon the blanks, [unclear: trusting] to time and opportunity to make it gradually more complete. The calling of these people together for the purpose of registry has had an excellent and noticeable effect upon them, especially in imbuing them with a greater respect for the marriage relation that they have heretofore had. Support of Destitutes The county authorities of Augusta county have made proper arrangements for the support of the poor, and expect and intend to provide for all "freedmen paupers" who are properly thrown upon them. In Highland and Bath counties similar provision has been made. So far as Bath County is concerned, it has been but lately added to this sub district: and the officer in charge has as yet had no opportunity of examining into the condition of the freedmen therein. The slave population of the county in 1860, was but small, while in Higland County it was still less. The official records of this office are in good condition, books are well kept, so far as furnished, and all orders, letters &c properly filed. Lieut. Cook appears to be a competent officer and successful in the discharge of his duties. . . . . . . In this as in the 7th I found such of the officers as I said men of more than average ability and discretion.