we were on picket about two  in the [unclear: morning] we suppose the object of the picket was to stop straglers for the tenth Regt. came across upon the same road consequently the enemy could not leave unexpected. We left Rude's Hill the 11th & camped near the Spring. Abe, Hunter, John & I stope allnight at Ants She was very much distressed at the thought of the advance of the enemy the people in general were rioting about in the utmost confusion not knowing their personal fate if they stayed nor the fate of their property if they left. Unkle Cirus sold some cattle in town & on his return, he & his three sons met the Brigade they had their horses & equipments expecting to join their company at Richmond they certainly had but little time to escape for the enemy's calvery were at the Spring the next morning. Ashby killed several in Mr. Lincon's wheat-field it is sayed Cousin John & Albert took dinner at home the next day. They say the enemy did not disturb any citizen but took several horses. The Brigade was strongly aversed to leaving the leaving the valley out of the fifth Reg. about 170 men deserted. Three or Four of our company. It is the general belief that we will return to the valley as we are being reinforced some here & reported that troops are being transported to Staunton. Last night Co. Hearmon brot action to the Reg. & departed for home Co. Baylor takes command being elected yesterday evening. Cap. [unclear: Hunk] of Winchester was elected Lieu Col. & Cap Williams Major. Lieu Rosse's time having expired he expects to return home in a few days says he will take letters for the company. I went to tell cousin Geo. of the opportunity of sending a letter home but found he was on gard John Fauber tould me to tell Sue he is well & would like to write home. It was rumored in camp that the enemy was in Staunton a fiew days ago but that was falce for General Jackson from Alegany was at head quarters and reported that he was holding his position. Mr [unclear: Glenn] & Mr Shelly are well this morning & appeared to be very well sadisfied. I do not wish any thing at present & not untill we are located for I have just as much as I can attend to, Uncle Cyrus buried another son lately his name I have forgotten. Mary is very poorly yet & doubtful whether she will recover. Give my love to all I am very well contented & think as little of home as possible. I have a viol of pouder I will try to send to Pa by Lieu.