I recd Sister Mary's letter of the 12th this afternoon and take the earliest opportunity of replying. I had hoped to have been at home ere this, but was unavoidably delayed. I endeavored today to make arrangements to go up home on Monday next, but failed, as some half dozen reports are yet to be made out for the war Dept & I have them in shorthand - no one else can transcribe them. I shall not be ordered away on business soon, and as quickly as I finish my work & can get leave of absence, I will be there. I sent a letter off Wednesday evening, which you doubtless got today. Dr Brown tells me he expects to go to Staunton on Monday. I may be able to get off Wednesday next; at least I hope so. Yet I know that everything will remind me of him who loved me so, and to whom I had given my heart's last devotion. I know that he alone of all others understood me, for I told and explained all to him. He loved me as he loved no one else & I was satisfied. Conversations have passed between us which are as sacred as the grave in which he sleeps. His words, his counsels and his blessings hang all around my way like golden lamps which shall never go out, but light me on till I too shall sleep and wake beside him. I know what he thought to do, even in our boyhood days when he should come of mature age. Long, long ago when we lived on Christian's creek, one night we were sleeping together in the trundle bed, before we slept there had been some talk about sending him away to Winchester to stay some time. I said that I could not bear that he should be sent away, and he put his dear little arms around me and I clasped him and the tears flowed freely. Since then we have lived in pleasantness together. Not an unkind word or feeling ever passed between us in our lives, and either of us would have suffered all for the other. May his grave never, never fade in my heart; and may my life be as pure and gentle and my final rest as glorious as his. I have been pained to hear of your feeble health yet hope that you will rally shortly; the warm weather however is so exhausting, every thing so dry and disease so prevalent. The internments in Hollywood cemetery average eighteen daily from Typhoid fever alone. Poor Mrs Yancey died of it. Mr Yancey & Mrs Hutcheson went up to his father's this morning to carry the little girl 4 months old. It is so sad. The news here is very exciting. It is said that the southerners in Baltimore rose up and helped us to take possession of the city. All is excitement there and it is said that secession flags wave from one end of Baltimore to the other-Nothing from Washington City. I am glad to hear that Mary Lou is better. It is strange to me that these abscesses continue to form. I suppose Zeke was not taken off by the Yankees on their late visit as you nothing has been said about it in the letters from home. I think I may have time to get a letter from home before I leave. Much love to all. Cousin Lizzie sends love.