I received by mail your letter which was to have been sent by Mr Plunkett. Am sure you must have gotten my last ere this. I wrote you one letter giving a thorough description of Robert's death and the manner of his burial. Young Dull told me he was close beside him. R. was lying down, but got up and turned half around with his side to the enemy, as if to speak to some of the men who were behind. Just then he threw up his arms, gave a cry and fell backwards. He raised up his head, but could not speak, he then quickly laid his head on his arms and never spoke a word. Dull was within two feet of him and remained kneeling there for half an hour after Robt. was shot. Andrew Summers saw him after he was shot; he is at his fathers wounded. He went to school house at Liberty Hall, and is the son of the old gentleman at the Mill. The ball entered Roberts side under his left arm and passed through his heart. Poor dear fellow, I am almost heart broken at his loss. I shall never love any one like him - never! You ask me if he was engaged to Bella Tate? I know everything in regard to him and her, for he told me all. They were not engaged formally, but would have been so eventually. Do not mention anything of the kind then, but you might ask her for the likeness, as she has a good one, it shd be returned then after it is copied. He wd have her keep it always. Robert had showed me the writing on his testament and told me all about his feelings whether he should live or die, also what he wanted done if he was killed. I will be at home as soon as possible and tell you all. I am very glad Clarence stopped and was so kind to you all. He is a nice & a brave fellow. I found on going to the Sentinel office that the supscription had expired. I renewed it and the paper will continue. I saw Cousin Lizzie this morning & she said she had sent father some papers -says she can exchange the calico. Wrote to you yesterday. I am sorry the funeral sermon is going to be preached. I never approved of them. I never could bear the thought of having the name of one so dear to me bandied from mouth to mouth and his their merits and demerits given wholesale to the public. Friends know all and others feel but little if any interest. But of Course these are only my views; others think & act differently. I have suffered agonies of late with neuralgic pain. Hope it will soon pass off. I still work or rather attend to business. John Wright is here, has been ordered to return to duty. Was up to see me this morning and I went down to the office with him and got him two month's pay. If he does not go off immediately I shall see a good deal of him. I hope to send this letter by him. Cousin Lizzie has written you an account of the death of Dr. Wm Hoge. He is indeed a loss. He was the gentlest man I ever saw -- Is a sad loss. Mrs Mary Yancey (Link) is very ill, scarce likely to recover. Typhoid fever of the most malignant type. Three persons sit up with her every night. Two ladies in the room and a gentleman in the next to mix the medicine. I sat up there Sunday night and expect to sit up Wednesday again. Emily H. was to take care of the baby all the time. It will be very, very sad if she dies. But I must go out and fulfil an engagement with some gentlemen on business with the War Dept. Will write more if I can do so.