Yours of the 22 and 23 are received and my trunk has also arrived. I would also say that I have perused your letter with interest. And am not surprised that you have mistaken me for a careless person, both in regard to dress and manner. I feel therefore that it is not improper for me to make some explanation. And you will no dout be pleased to learn, that in regard, to the effect of Dress and all personal habits upon those with whom we associate, that I am not a novice whom you will be obliged to educate to this very important fact, but that I am fully capable of understanding this relation, and do most heartily endorse all that you say on the subject. In fact I have spoken in public upon this very subject and can now produce a written lecture which I once delivered in [crossed out: the town of Middlebury] Ct, containing much of this sentiment Furthermore it has been my practice in schools to require neatness and have even had soap and water with towels in my school house for the use of the scholars. (Nov 28th) And it was the first question that I asked in regard to the character of the colored children, Are they neat? You proceed to draw comparisons between myself and the ladies with  It is my pleasure to labor and live. That you did this in a most friendly and christian spirit and in the discharge of a duty, I am aware; and I so accept it. That there was also some apparent ground for such remark is also true. But had you been acquainted with me I am sure you would not have made unfavorable comparisons If there is one man in society, more than another who recognizes the force of social relations, I am that man I believe these may be a jewel in a rough casket, but the casket may be so unseemly as to entirely hide the gem. There may be genuine principles and even Christianity in an unpolished man and yet, that principle be shown to such a disadvantage through a rough exterior as to almost or quite lose its force. No man, and especially no Missionary who understands the meaning of that scripture" ye--harmless as doves,"--or that other--"Charity does not behave itself unseemly" can be less than a Gentleman if true to his convictions. And no man as a mere philosopher can afford to dispense with that which gives him such power over others--A dignified and christian politiness. And if you are impressed with the importance of such a quality,  among a friendly people, and in a mere business capacity what would be your feelings on the subject were you among persons who delight to find occasion against you, and acting in a moral sphere. No man but a gentleman would be successful here. I repeat it. No man man but a thorough Gentleman will be successful as a missionary at the South The man who is capable of doing much good at the north where he is known, and without "polished manners" to a high degree--Would do much anything here by such a deficiency Politeness commands respect and enforces Christianity even among enemies. A good judge of Human nature is also essential to success--"Be ye wise as serpents"--was written emphatically for Southern Missionaries. And alas! for a Home without politiness If Christianity does one thing more than another it improves that place where men become familiar and mingles common interests, called Home I appreciate the force of your remarks in regard to "society" as no man has a right to be inattentive to the interests of others at home while he there holds so much power; either for good or evil, for pleasure or pain. Dec 1 I am frequently attacked by men of southern principle, in regard to the propriety of educating the Freedmen; the justice of the institution of slaver, etc. and although I have never commenced a discussion with any upon this subject, or conversed with any but apparent gentlemen, yet I have had to meet much prejudice both against the work and against those engaged in it from first to last. Now it requires all the qualities of a Gentleman to get along with these men, altho', they do not often call us out on these subjects. But frankness and calm christian dignity with accurate reasoning commands their respect and leaves them "Non plused" But do you ask how all this agrees with my appearance at the Rooms on the morning on which we left N. Y. I answer. 1st My mother was opposed to me going and refused to assist in preparing my clothes. 2nd my coat did not fit--about the neck 3rd being at work out of the vilage I had not been "barbered" as I had not time after receiving orders to the Rooms--And covered with dust from my long rise with dirty colar and loose coat and frizzled hair, I was introduced to the Ladies. Now under the same circumstances would Mr Hunt, have been less awkward. At this moment also my stock dropped from my neck, having been put on in a hurry. As to spelling. I shall always be mortified by it as I was allowed in childhood to spell wrong. And tho' since taught better yet no sooner do I become engaged in thought than I forget spelling and return to the old habit without knowing it till after the letter is written. I remember being chagrined by finding that I had once addressed you as Esq instead of Rev I have spoken foolishly as did St Paul of old.