I wrote you yesterday stating that the boxes had arrived and so they have, but as I had not then seen them myself, I supposed the much looked for lamps were there. On opening however, what was my feeling to find they were not. I would rather every book had been left on the shelves in New York, instead I had encouraged the scholars, to try to write by candle light and collected money to buy oil for lamps in view of a "brighter day coming"--but it has not come. I think if these lamps were here that the people would pay for them.  We can get some larger lamps in the place but they are more expensive than a little tin lamp with a small reflector behind it, and are not made to hang against the wall or ceiling. Now will you pass this over to Mr Whiting and ask if he has sent, or intends to send these lamps Had you not said "I think we shall send them" we should not have acted accordingly I have written to Baltimore to see what lamps cost, with a view of getting some and risking my pay of the people in case you have not and do not intend to send them. We must have light! We are disappointed also in not finding S.S. Question Books in the box We had given out notice that on next Sunday the school would have the opportunity of obtaining question books, a very important thing as there is little religious instruction indeed obtained at the Sunday School, and can be but little until we have something beside our regular School Books.  I did hope that as you had interest in the Sabbath School, and particularly instructed us to have interest it, that you would take pains to send those books which were ordered for the Sabbath School. I am going to write to the American Sunday School Union to night for a sample of question books, but shall not purchase til I know wheather you send those ordered, Will you extinguish the gas in your office at night, or in your parlor, and there for the next week do your business, or engage in social employment at these places by the dim light of a tallow candle and that without a sconse, or holder, and call upon your friends to do the same, and then think of me and 200 others who can sympathise with you. When I stand before 100 children next Sunday and watch their disappointment, and see them waste sacred time especially precious to them by mere reading a school book As to sending a teacher here to help me, I would say that I do not think it necessary, at least for any length of time I do not think I shall fail in health. I have this day been ordered to [unclear: cut] off our time for teaching from 9 til 12 1/2 instead of from 7 til 9. We have further resolved to take particular pains in regard to exercise in the open air We have nearly 200 pupils in our day school, and our little rooms are packed full and the air is bad in the extreme. The red clay mud is almost [unclear: ankne] deep around the school house, and the air arising from it is bad indeed You ask how we spend Sunday Well we go to S. School at 9 A.M. and to church at 11 and then at 4 we have a family Bible class, and in the Eve we read one of Beechers Sermons from the "Independent". My week day afternoons are mostly spent in writing and looking after things wanted by some of the teachers or more generally in work for at the rooms puting up shelves, building benches, etc etc As to having regular prayer meetings we do not, among the colored people notwithstanding our desire to do so There was a prayer meeting appointed this eve but, we were denied the use of the room tho owned by a colored man but I am afraid he is a little secesh for the sake of getting white custom, as he is a barber. We have morning and evening family prayers and enjoy them, but there is some U. S. officer or other men, or business almost every night, and there is no one but myself to take part in the exercise, as a general thing, (except the ladies) There is some "drinking" among the boys and I long for a place where I can speak to them, and arouse them to the danger and the sin of intemperance. I talk to them now but--When the church--is finished I hope to be able to lecture on many subjects of importance to them. The building which they have bought stands close to the school house and has been occupied as a companies office--and was formerly a Rebel Magazine, and originally a Market They are at work at it and will soon have it fixed roughly for use. The ladies send their highest regards to you. We are all in good spirits If any teacher should be passing through this place perhaps to stop a week or so might by useful in giving us a little rest, but it would not be worth while to be at much expense about it, as we shall live and not faint. Mr Coan says that Davies Arithmetic is used in this district and I shall soon order some, but as the book dealer has them, I shall not send at present. Miss Dewey says that she supposes a box of clothing is at the "[unclear: rooms]" for her--in care of Mr Tukey, if so please forward it I wrote you about sending me a little clothing, but have not heard from you about it, Even 2 or 3 barrels of clothing would be of great use, but childrens clothing is mostly needed and especially shoes The whites here have little faith indeed about ever making anything of a "nigger" but they are growing more and more used to us and our schools and I think are generally in favor of trying to educate them. And were it not for the poor whites--or Southern Mobocracy I should not be afraid to stay without military.