Yours of the 16th inst. came to hand this eve acknowledging the "receipt of the Monthly Report of schools in" Staunton, and inquiring if we have received "Blanks and Registers"  In reply I would say that we have not received them. Your letter breathes of sympathy that is cheering. The boxes containing the books and lamps are expected tonight and nothing can be more welcome than the latter. I have taken up a contribution for lights and fuel and established the practice as weekly. Dec 19th The boxes have arrived, and although I have not opened them, yet I expect to, and must put up the lamps ready for night school.  I have had the pleasure of teaching by a fire today for the first time as we had no stove for my room and I have suffered heretofore.  I rode out, Saturday last and procured an old Rebel Camp stove which now warms [unclear: us] and is in better business than it ever was before. The appearance of the country is desolate but the desolation is not departed glory, for it never had any, but gives evidence of a most consummate lazy people, as its former owners.  I came in sight of the grand old "Alleghany" Mts. They look wild and majestic, I saw a wild deer this morning which was shot yesterday, out in those mountains. We are overworked and could not carry on the schools were it not for the aid we get from a soldier and a young man who is staying in town a few days to buy condemned property, and [unclear: reffuse] stuff to send north.  I hope our other teacher will return from Lexington this week and relieve us, as we sent her up with Supt. Coan last week to start that school til other teachers could arrive.  Mr Tukey has gone to Lexington, and as it is near the holidays he took Mr Johstone up to relieve Mr Coan immediately, as he wishes to go down the valley toward Winchester and visit the schools that way before Christmas, And Mr Johnston can return to this place and thence to Harrisonburg during Christmas week, and with no more expense to the Association than if he went to direct to Harrisonburg, as Mr Tukey takes his own horse.  It seems to be expected that next week is to be a continual holiday. I object to that use of the most sacred day as one of commemoration ever engaged celebrated by man (except that which reminds us of the resurrection of Christ) but suppose I shall have to yield and close school  We think however of trying to aid in geting up a fair to help pay for a School House--These poor people think that they can raise money enough to build a church in a short time, I do not discourage them but they have little idea of the value of property.