I received your letter two or three days weeks ago and it made me feel so badly that I did not know what to answer ; and when our good Mr Coan came through here on his way home I exclaimed "The chariot of Israel and the horsemen thereof", has gone, and what is there left! And when still further I saw from the Secretaries letter of dismissal, the astonishing statement that the schools in the Shenandoah valley "Are not as promising as in other places  aghast! As to the removal of Mr Coan I have nothing to say except that, he was beloved by all, and of great value in counsel, and the fact that in 6 mo (I think) there will be more than double the number of scholars in school, or in want of school in this valley that there now is makes his removal of doutful propriety, at this time in my mind Children are being brought within range of school influence as fast as they can be. Parents are hiring them boarded or moving to places where schools are kept and there are many little towns that are getting hold of the fact that you require 50 scholars at least to begin a school, or supply a teacher and they are trying to see if the no. is to be made up. Two of our day schools have more than doubled since New Years day; and now number over 60 scholars each and the others, one 55 and the other 45 making 224 scholars for 4 teachers, and packing our rooms in every nook and corner. But you are presumed to know best about this removal. As to the statement that the schools in the Valley are not as promising as others so far as it relates to Staunton,-- I deny its truth. I have been connected with schools at the north for about 10 years, and have seen as many schools as most men of my age, and studied them as carefully; and a more promising school than this I never saw, and do not believe such could exist in the nature of circumstances. It is promising 1rst as to numbers. Out of a population of 800 freedmen 434 attend school; and not much over 1/3 of them are adults, and as the season for work is coming on the proportion of children will be still greater. And of those who are adults they are mostly young men and women. When warm weather comes many a barefoot will step out of the cabin and in to the school room to enjoy the same blessing that the older brother and sister have during the cold weather But it is promising as to the deportment of the children Behold 400 colored persons passing quietly through the streets, treating whites with civility, performing school requirements with military exactness,-- many of them going quietly to S School on Sunday--and all dressed as well as  dress and   to cleanliness Compare this state of things with what it was 4 months ago when there was no school. Could a more noisy set of rowdies be found than these boys They were idle ignorant and vile. Often insulting the white citizens with taunts, feeling the Yankee bayonets would protect them They knew no Sunday, many of them except as a holy day, and many of the children looked as much like young monkeys from the rill swamp of Bengal as like human beings  then ask the honored Lee of the A. M. A. if he can deny that it is "promising" But further the schools of Staunton are promising in regard to Education I hope to be able next month to send you a sample of writing by some of my scholars 40 of whom 4 months ago could not write a word nor scarcely read one;-- but who will be able to write their own letters in a month from now not elegantly but legibly. Others have learned that the world turnes around something also of latitude and longitude  and the location of countries in general, in a word have thoroughly begun geography. The same is true of Arithmetic Many who 4 months ago could not tell one figure from another can now begin to add, subtract, and some to multiply. Now even this is an invaluable treasure to them. But again The moral condition of the Freedmen is promising When we came here only about 25 or 30 came to the Sunday school and an inveterate dissention had sprung up among them that  moved into our new school house--that is the Colored church and thereby save you 225 per year. Secondly the current expenses of the school such as for lights and fuel and the little necessaries which are in the aggregate quite an expense and many of which came into your bill from Ms Tukey--these - are all now paid by the people themselves Thirdly I do not see any more need of books or lamps or anything of much cost from the rooms "at present." Fourthly Mr Tukey remarked to me that the little room adjoining the house now is  and allow you whatever it might be as it is used properly by the government And he further remarked that while he thought $20 per month not exhorbitant for board (including washing) since he furnished the mission house (with furniture crockery etc.) yet now as the sum named has been paid he would try boarding at $4.00 per week including washing This is certainly as cheep as any man can do it as they charge $40.00 for the cheapest board at the Hotels and much cheaper than you could run any other kind of mission house--that is  own the furniture yourself  in actual service in the school room could not stand the extra work of Matronship or housekeeping--in my opinion--and the teachers concur. I hope that these improvements may so mitigate expense that you may feel safe in continuing the school. There is some doubt about our holding this house much longer, and in case we should not I see no way but to go into colored families to board for I dont believe another house can be rented for "Nigger Teachers" That arrangement would perhaps be cheaper still but not desirable especially for ladies. The church is not so convenient or comfortable --but we must endure all things There are but two windows in that large building and when it is cloudy we have to light a lamp or two, Mr Tukey has paid over $75.00 out of his own pocket to fit up the church this far, and with no security whatever. And so ignorant are these people of the fact and nature of public responsibility, that it is hard work to get money even to buy lights and wood The schools are hardly as efficient or as successful as they were in the separate rooms as some confusion occurs, and we can not magnetize our classes with animated exercises, as we could, but we are doing well and making progress. John Scott  threatened to destroy the sunday school But with much labor and ingenuity union has been secured, and a large and flourishing S School, of 144 scholars and 8 teachers is now in operation, 1/8 of which can read so well that I shall soon send for a news paper for them. The low meaningless songs so common among the colored people are supplanted, and a new song put into their mouths even those of Bradbury from the "Chain Shows" and "Censer" These hyms are their common songs, you can hear them on the street in the cabin and everywhere. If the oft quoted expression--"Let me make the songs of a country and I care not  who makes  then we have affected something by this means. Now while we have 1/2 the entire population attending our schools While we can point to this improvement in deportment, and this advancement in education, and improvement in morals--in view of these facts will any man say that our schools "Are not promising" Has heaven blessed another field under your care more or even as much Finally in regard to mitigating expenses. In your last letter to me you almost threaten to discontinue the schools if these were cut down. You have no idea of the  Mr Tukey has saved you more than $100.00 The stoves 4 in number would have cost $80.00 here if we had had to buy those that would have answered the purpose as well Nor can a dwelling house be turned into a school house without work. Long before you are up I am at work. I rise at a little after 5 in the morning and work til 100 at night. I have built doors, benches, blackboards, windows, dug drains, cut wood,  locks, etc. etc. This I do in addition to teaching, looking after wood lights and all the necessaries managing the S School, writing letters for the colored people making calls and assisting the pastor in his writing and otherwise . I do not get time to write letters to my family, or to read the papers Had the mere carpenter work that I have done been hiered it would have been quite a bill of expense. There is scarcely a day that I do not have to do more or less worke of that kind and often stay in my school room all the after noon, sometimes not even coming to supper. But you ask if we can "not run this machine cheaper" I am happy to tell you that we are now running it cheeper than it has been run heretofore I say now I mean since the 15th of Feb--Firstly we have [several words unclear] by some one hear which has robbed me of over $50.00 and I cant get any trace of the offender, but some one has got a good coat and a handsome Revolver to say nothing of other small things. I can get board in colored families for at least 4.00 per week but in the warm weather which is upon us it would be rather musty Do you recommend it. I don't think it well for the cause, but would try it myself and some of the ladies are ready if absolutely necessary