You will notice by the enclosed "Report" that some of the schools have not increased in numbers during the last month and that in all there are but 3 more scholars than before. In regard to this fact I would say that a change of place among the freedmen has somewhat annoyed us, during the past month, especially in our night work. There has been many new scholars added to the roll but, Christmas seems to be a time for making changes among these people. I have crossed off 200 names from my register, and added several but those coming to Staunton to spend the winter generally defer coming to school til after the holidays, When I expect a larger attendance than ever, at both the night and day schools. I think the schools are all making fair progress both in manners and study. Our Singing in the morning comes after repeating the "Lords Prayer," and the reading of a few verses from the Bible, by the teacher, in which children engage by repeating after him, line by line. The singing is grand, and in the morning is exclusively Sunday School songs, that they may be learned for the Sabbath. At the sound of the bell it would be pleasing to see them form into line after recess, and prepare to march into the school room. As the bell strikes again the different lines headed for the different rooms more quietly forward, removing their hats as they enter the room. Then again comes the singing, and to accommodate two of the schools, that wish to sing together, and to save fuel I have cut a door through the partition, which we slide open during this exercise and our morning devotions, and sometimes to warm the other room as nothing but the stove pipe heats it. Yesterday was a grand day for Mrs Dunns first class who came marching into my room with a new Testament as a New Years gift, and a reward for the study by which they gained their promotion. We have had a weeks vacation during the holidays, but it was has been but a poor vacation to me. I have worked nearly all the time from 6 in the morning to 9 at night, Saturdays and all ever since I have been here. The colored people have relieved me of much anxiety in regard to the Sabbath School by purchasing an old market house, which they are going about fitting up as a church They had become so opposed to meeting in the basement of the Methodist Church, after they were told that the colored preacher could not preach in that church, that nearly all the Sabbath School refused to come Out of 210 names of scholars and 23 teachers, not more than 35 of the former or 6 of the latter came, and reasoning with them appeared useless. But I managed to get them together last Sunday and secured a vote to remain in the Methodist Church until the new church can be made ready. The church with a small spot of ground adjoining cost $2,000. It is well situated and I should judge was about 60 X 35 ft in size Last night they held the last "Fair" to pay for the church, It was held in an old building used as a store house for carriages, in which preaching has been given on Sundays, since the Methodist church was left They have raised some $300 think by the fair, and $200 by subscription among the white people of the place. I took occasion to address the most happy audience upon which I ever looked in my life, at the fair, upon the duty of reviving their "Benevolent Society" and taking care of their own poor,-- as God was blessing them. It was well received. I mean to connect an industrial school with it, when they yet reorganized.