Yours of the 24th instant is received and I reply by return mail. Your letter is like a sunrise to me. It is full of cheer and encouragement and I will try and give as good as I get in this respect In regard to the unpleasant character or traits of Miss D-y I would say that I think Mr Coan had helped her to see her error in regard to her obstinacy and arrogance. I am glad to say that I think we shall have no more trouble from disagreement and you can be spared the very delicate matter of writing to her an admonition letter. She has some good traits, and I think has the interest of the Freedmen at heart, and a genuine sympathy for them. In regard to my health, I do not think myself unwell except that I am a little tired but not so as to need much assistance, I have had to work very hard but am now getting out of it somewhat Let me tel you how I spent the day yesterday I went to the school room before light and began to put up some pieces of board on the walls on which to hang hats, in a room not before occupied Then I put up my Blackboard and after that went down to breakfast, Then returned, and taught school til 1-o-clock After dinner I went to the school house again and went to work at my lamps for they were put up to high to throw light down onto the desks for writing. Then I went to work at copy setting (for I [unclear: set] some copies although I have printed ones in my writing books, yet it pays, if one can do the work) At 3-o-clock I helped Mrs Dunn teach Singing, and at night I taught my school. Thus I was in the school house from 7 in the morn til 9 at night. Last Saturday I went hunting and must have walked 15 or 20 miles, in the woods. This is the first leisure day that I have had. It did me good, and I was disappointed in finding that I was not lame after. These large fox squirrels are a beautiful animal. The lamps came last Monday. Capt. Howe had to go to Richmond to get them as they were carelessly left there. But I am sorry that you were not more careful in filling my order in regard to lamps. I ordered 12 small side lamps , and 24 chimneys and you sent me 8 large bracket lamps, which will not light my four rooms, and will burn more oil than 12 small ones and cost more money. Mr Coan has arrived from Lexington. He says that you objected to sending the lamps on the ground of some report that the School Hous was closed and school could not be continued Now I wrote you before I ordered the lamps the state of affairs That we had, had trouble in getting rooms as the schools had been turned out of the Court House, before we arrived But when I ordered the lamps, the school had been in operation for a week