In your blanks for Supt's you say that you expect those who act as such to, speak frankly concerning the efficiently qualifications of teachers under their charge I therefore deem it proper both to make some statements and some inquiries. When our school was organized there were 4 of us teachers in the day school and 5 in the night, (the matron the 5th) and all in one building. Harmony of plan and action was necessary And the teachers called on me to act as Supt. And though I had no commission from you to that effect, except a single remark that "you placed these ladies under my care" as we left New York, yet being the only gentleman teacher, and finding that I had had more experience than the rest I felt it a duty to accept; especially as Mr Coan favored the arrangement. The teachers were, and are now glad, to receive my suggestions, with (I am sorry to say) the exception of one (Miss Dewey). And in our councils we respect the opinion of each other and move in harmony mostly Mrs Dunn is an admirable teacher, a very rapid workman, and a good disciplinarian, and excellent musician. Miss Williams is not as good in governing but is very kind and can communicate well. She is better counsel in regard to measures (outside of the school) for the general improvement of the freedmen, than she is teacher, but she is efficient at that, and very industrious in her labors. Mrs Tukey the matron of our Mission House is very useful in the night school. Miss Dewey keeps quite a good school, but evidently has had but little experience, and I think lacks in consideration of the bearing of this or that measure upon different classes--or in a careful study of the way things are working. She therefore opposes many measures very needful for the good of the school. She opposed the change of classes from one room to another necessary for the grading of the school, both night and day, She also felt unwilling to exchange rooms so as to let the largest school into the largest room. And when Miss Dunn returned from Lexington tried without my knowledge at the time to keep her from retaking her own school, and had been quite dictatorial in her bearing in many respects remarking that "I have always had my own way and always mean to" Mr. Tukey suggested that I speak to Mr Coan about it and ask if he intended me as Supt here--I did so, and was advised to act as such by all means, and upon hearing the state of the case (as he had previously heard it from Mr Tukey I presume) he advised me to remain although he had that morning ordered me up to Lexington to se how that school was working under Mr Johnstone and McLean, And I expected to spend Christmas week there, as their school did not stop. After informing Miss Dewey that under Mr Tukeys advice I had spoken to Mr Coan, and telling her the result of the conversation, she agreed to conform to my wishes, in every thing pertaining to school matters and has indeed reformed. But if you wish me to carry out Mr Coans suggestions and act as Local Supt, if you would write me that fact, and also inform Miss Dewey of the same, without bringing to her knowledge anything of these statements, I have no doubt but that you would much help me and the work, and save me and the other teachers some unnecessary words, as they are generally ready to coincide with me, in explaining to Miss Dewey the propriety of any proposed measure. She is unnecessarily strong in her denunciations of Rebels "Not wishing to meet them in heaven" "Nor that any of the South who had anything to do with the War should be saved." And while we were on board the Steamer Albermarle, on our way here she used such severe terms as to attract the attention of Southern men on the Steamer and would have hightened prejudice against us very much had we been going to stay in Richmond where these people were to stop She told a gentleman who came here the other day that "You are worms under our feet"  My opinion is that we should be more successful by gentlemanly treatment than by that which borders upon incivility, and perhaps a remark addressed to Miss Dewey from you would not do harm on the subject and might do good  Please answer soon although there is nothing demanding any immediate or severe action, indeed I think we shall not have much more trouble. 