(All the Soldiers in Staunton are to leave this morning. I am glad this drunken set are going There influence is bad.)  I suppose that you are tired of hearing from me, and perhaps so busy that you do not stay to half read my letters. I heard that the lamps which you sent were in Richmond but they have not arrived here yet. "Hope deferred maketh the heart sick" The schools are increasing in numbers, and I am obliged to abandon the idea that I had before Christmas, of reserving one teacher for an "Industrial School," as we are all needed to teach in the other schools Although if we had more commodious rooms I do not know but that we might spare a teacher for the "Industrial school. The most we can do now is to visit the children at home and help them what we can to do their own sewing The day schools now no about as follows 400+35+40+50 and they [unclear: ar] regular for the most part. But I wish to call your attention to the matter of sending clothing. As yet we have received none except one box belonging to Miss Williams and we have used this with great care, and it is all gone now. There is but little destitution here, that needs attention, as I am convinced that it is better for the freedmen to help themselves where they can, than to be helped. But there are a few cases of extreme destitution, mostly among children many of whom have lost one or both parents, I know of some 30 children who are shoeless and otherwise very thinly clad. There are other grown people who would pay something for old clothes, if they had them. We have tried to fix up some of these children with a few remnants that were left of Miss Williams box.--but it amounts to very little. Now if you could send us a few things till I can get this "Benevolent Society" among the colored people in operation it would be a great relief to the poor John Scott Staunton Va Jan 11/66 After waiting from 2 to 4 weeks for the book dealer to get some Arithmetic, I sent to the Rooms for 50 copies of either Greenleafs or Thompsons written arithmetic, as the merchant here informed me that he was unable to get any. But since I wrote you he has unexpectedly to himself received some of [unclear: Rays] Arithmetic, so that we can buy of him as a last resort,-- if you have not sent, and do not think best to send those ordered. But the price of these books is so much higher that I know you can send them from N. Y. and pay the freight or express cheaper than they can be obtained here. Please write, or send the books immediately--The price of these is 85 per copy.