I am glad to report progress. Nearly 1/2 our day school are now beginning to write, and the Primer schools are growing beautifully less. Many  our scholars will be able to take written arithmetic, next month, with success and the first class will be through the primary Geog. Our Sabbath School is doing well The children began to call for--S S  and Hymn Books--declaring that they can read them; which is true. Our work is very laborious and wearing. I do not get time to read the news or write many letters to my friends. The church when we came into it had no seats, no writing desks, no pulpit no windows on one side of the house, and no fence around it, My saw and hammer have supplied the deficiency so far, and I have more to do. There is not one colored carpenter in town and he can not be had to work for nothing and there is no money to pay him, much less a white man This work with that of giving counsel in thousands of instances in business matters--writing notes, Contracts, Orders,  etc.--managing the S School and visiting the sick and infirm, and all in addition to teaching and looking after the general interest of the schools, is  laborious. We still labor under two difficulties, Want of Room and Time. Four schools in one small building either obliges us to conduct our exercises in a subdued manner or else confuse each other, We choose the former; but can not excit that interest and energy in our pupils that we might were it not for fear of disturbing each other, and we often have to change seats for the sake of accommodating classes who have not room to sit for a particular exercise, this makes some confusion, and takes a little time. One of our teachers had to crawl out onto a bench to get at her class to hear it recite as there is no room for either her or the class to stand with convenience  there is there is no way of getting there not with out much trouble. The evenings are growing short and our studies  increasing in numbers thus cramping us for time. I think next month we shall try two sessions per day, and one at night if we can stand it. We have little trouble in discipline using kindness and an appeal to conscience and affection, last of all the rod. I send you a copy of what was printed concerning me in a Staunton paper. It explains itself I am not much sorry for Miss Deweys resignation, She contains some elements of character not well adapted to this work. I think we shall be able to continue her school successfully. I shall send you an account of our disposition of clothing soon. I dare not leave the lamps in care of the colored people during vacation. The need them  Will you sell them? And if so will you ascertain what they cost and let us know so that we may fix a price.