Your little criticism in regard the omission of the b in the word doubtful, was well received, and I am sorry that such things occur in my writing, but I am afraid that I never shall be able to correct them Early habit is strong. I know how to spell but fail from force of early habit. But do not think me careless in my teaching of spelling. The very fact that I suffer so much through early neglect makes me very careful to see that my pupils do not. And I hope that your inference will not be to severe in other respects, that you will not think that I lack culture or mental discipline in other things I do not like to be forced to speak at all boastfully but I am said to be very careful and thorough in most that I do, from simple addition to geometry Spring has come and the Aspen is in blossom Some of my scholars are gone to the country to work and others from the night school will soon go. I examined schools yesterday. They are doing well, but must be graded again, as there are scholars in each of the schools to be picked out and put into other ones () exchanged. I hope it will not make hard feelings among the teachers, but it must be done. I have got to work hard all day at carpenter work to get up some more writing desks There are 20 more ready to write To night I am to deliver a lecture on the subject of Free Labor and its Reward. The people have no idea of the responsibility of supporting schools churches or any public, responsibility  nor even of the duty of furnishing themselves a respectable home. Nor do they know what they are capable of doing for themselves. The must be taught, and encouraged. We are all tiered with our work, and I believe a little vacation of a week would do all good--about the last week in March--but as I am a novice in your employ I do not know the full exact extent of my authority but will you give us permission to a vacation, a week in length, but if it is not customary in other places I do not ask it Miss [unclear: W] and I have not lost a day or an hour since we came