The progress of the schools has been more marked during the last month than any previous one. I trust that the close of the term will find no alphabet scholars--except a few who may come in during the last weeks. Some are nearly ready for the 3d reader who at first of the term kew only the alphabet. I wrote you in my last letter about a vacation--and as you did not reply to that part of my letter--and as the interest of school  I have given the school a weeks vacation, and now this morning commence our Summer term The children wanted "Easter" week as a holyday--or the first of April--but I objected to making the anniversary of the Resurrection of Christ a play day. Yesterday we held our second S School Concert. There were one hundred and five present. On one side of the house were seated those who could read and on the other those who could not read well enough to learn a text from the Bible of themselves, I believe all with one or two exceptions of those who could read repeated a text, and many of those  not. We are  or at least our fears are a little excited by a--Woman Preacher--who represents herself as coming from the Bethel church--at Phil--Penn. and is drawing off part of the congregation belonging to the Colored Methodist Ch in which, or, in whose Church we have our school and thereby weakening a body already weak and making it less probable that they will pay for the Ch. I have visited this woman and conversed with her on the impropriety of her course, but it has little effect-- She is colored and very powerful with the colored people. The "Bureau" has silenced her but she has appealed to Richmond to a higher authority. I was up to Lexington last week and Spoke to about 500 colored people upon the subject of Free Labor and its Reward The schools are doing very well there--Miss Burt is a capital teacher. They are living much cheaper than we do. I am sorry that the matter of board was not placed in my hands here at first but when I came--the two teachers here were boarding with Mr T and the business seemed to be in his hands and it did not seem proper for me to take it out especially as you had not advised me to do it. And it is hard for me to get at it as I do not know what passes in letter between you and Mr T. But lately I do not agree with Mr T in thinking Board cheap I am almost sorry you advised not to go into colored families to board pay $500 and furnish matron. The ladies of Lexington see we could live without a Matron and 2 of these here are of that opinion, while the other two with Mr T have not been of that opinion. At any rate the Matron does almost as much here for U. S. Officers as she does for The "A. M. A." Mr T once agreed to try boarding at $4.00 per week when you first sent me a letter instructing me to lessen expense in regard to board-- He has since concluded that he can not board at that rate without  it. On the strength of that promised trial I declined sending a letter to you which I had written on the subject and read to him