Our work still goes on. We have engaged a colored teacher to take Miss Deweys place. She has attended my school thro the winter, is black, intelligent, a christian, and to my surprise governs well I have thought of giving her a little over $2.00 per week as she boards herself If I take some of the money received by the sale of books to pay her, will it be all right? There is a preacher and a presiding Elder here from the north () from  Conference, who sympathizes with us in our work. The Elder is an old man, a native of Va well acquainted with the colored people in the Shenandoah Valley He advises me to write concerning the importance of your work in the valley above other places. He says "They have more energy and influence" in this valley than in any other [unclear: part] of Va. Even the whole South with which he is acquainted" They also have more refinement. This arises from the fact that man of them have had better associations over those further South, and have not been over worked like some in the Cotton or sugar districts, besides being better cared for by the Master, as they were  here for market south. He says  this is the place to raise up colored teachers in the whole south. He does not think the  can do as well this side of the Blue Ridge as they can east of it as the colored people here are all methodists The colored people have spoken to me about writing up a petition to you for us to return after vacation. I am rather of the opinion that it will be best for all of us to go home, or away from here during vacation There are a few of these poor heathen people who do not appreciate us or our work and it will be well to let them see what they can do without us and give those who do appreciate us a chance to practice and memorize our teachings, as well as to let white people see that our influence here has been good; as they will find none to keep order  street and elsewhere as we have done. There is here a repres. Of the African Am E or the Bethel church  makes us some trouble by dividing the people, and is said to prejudice her followers against our schools She seems to have a sort of  for the whites. Her influence here is not good  its relation to the interest of the freedmen as connected with the white citizens as will be seen from the following article clipped from a Staunton Newspaper Whether this Mrs Rodney intends any thing wrong or not I do not know but those who listen to her preaching are backward about coming to our Sunday School and even do not attend singing school but have formed one of the latter themselves Poor Creatures! They are the victims of experiments and different religious theories without number. There are less than 5 preachers of the gospel here to a  of between 7 &8 hundred; besides  white clergymen. Our Sabbath school is now very like a northern one. We have our book case containing a Library of 100 vol. Our Class, Books and  Books and all the appertenances of a good Sunday School. When I compare this condition to what it was when we came, and think of  confusedly trying to study an old spelling book as there I rejoice and thank God. We have received $66.67/100 by the sale of clothing, by the aid of which money the people have secured their Church and School-house thus making a place for your future operation should you choose to continue to work here.  is a very important step. I paid the money  over by permission from Mr Whipple and you will please inform him what is the exact amount as he requested me to do. There must have been from $350 to $400 worth of clothing and the small amount which we sold did not prevent any of the needy from obtaining it as we only sold to those who were able to buy, and to prevent them taking it from the more needy as they would have tried to do had we given it all away. We have now on hand some 30  dresses for girls well packed in tobacco for winter--to be left in care of the Office  the Bureau or mailed up and placed in the hands of the Colored Church to be kept [unclear] return, or delivered over to the "Colored Aid Scoeity" to be used at their discretion. Have you anything to advise in the matter? We shall sell no more. Packages should now be addressed to {Lt. Geo T. Cook Assistant Supt. Freedmens Bureau} as Mr Tukey is relieved