The invoice of books has arrived and I expect that the books will come to day. Mrs Daveson (or some such name which I have hardly learned came last night.--I am glad of help indeed but she raised my apprehensions as to her adaptedness to the work, by making the remark that "It was a long time since she has studied" and now "must go at it and prepare herself" and also by saying that she "had never taught" I hope however that these are only the expressions of modesty and not much to be relied upon. There are so many petty schools here among the colored people that this must be made superior to be successful--Nor will it do to let a teacher teach the "Alphabet" class. Some of the more advanced ones will often call on her, and soon find out if she is not capable. When will the people of the north learn that it is an undeniable fact that these people are sunken so low that nothing but the best means will elevate them. If it should appear that from lack of education or want of practice this most excellent lady is not qualified to teach any who may call upon her., the circumstances are such that it will ruin this school. for some of the ignorant yet influential colored people here very much desired me to hire a colored teacher. They said that they were poor and wanted the pay and said that small scholars could be taught as well by those of their own color--and if they find out any deficiency--they will so blame me for insisting on a white teacher as to almost destroy my influence and give encouragement to all these petty schools about town, which will spring up in opposition, to mine like mushrooms. And when my influence is gone here--this school is gone; for others have already abandoned it. Therefore in order to save the school I should have to part with the teacher, and explain the matter afterward to the people--as a mistake, or even your Association would lose popularity and even effect. Such is the certain result here of any inability on the part of a teacher I hope it may be avoided. I just pen these thoughts as they occur