I write to you for counsel for do not know exactly what to say.  The suspicions that my assistant was not well adapted to this place are much deepened by her trial of the work; under my observation. As the colored people wanted me to take an assistant teacher, from their own color, and as the plan would pacify them (and amid their divisions this seems necessary) therefore I wanted a teach that I could trust with a part of my school, while I took another part, and gave a colored teacher the surplus The part that I gave to my white assistant I wanted send into another room and give her full charge of them. I shall be likely to have 150 scholars as I now have 110 and this number will warrant this arrangement or even 130 would. Now this teacher can not teach Long division--and yesterday morning I even showed her Short division--indeed I have children in this school not more than 12 yrs old who are father advanced than is this teacher. She is not more competent than several colored teachers. She dares not ask questions in grammar, and is obliged to review her Intermediate geography. Beside this,--she is entirely inexperienced and lacks mental discipline which some teachers have outside of school books,-- by reading etc. Nevertheless she seems to be a christian and of excellent spirit. She is also a dress-maker and a milliner by trade. She can not teach times; much less the  of music She is desirous of improving herself You will see therefore that while the school needs one competent teacher beside myself;-- beside such assistance as I could get from colored help.--that it has only such help as is equal to an incompetent colored teacher or one who can only take charge of the very primary classes If I had an educated teacher I could let this teacher come in as second; but then too if I had an educated teacher--(at least thro' Long division)-- a colored assistant could fill the place--which this teacher would naturally fall into--or necessarily take. Now the school needs separating but as I said before I hardly dare send her into a room by herself, and certainly not with all the classes which I could give a more educated teacher Now I can teach this teacher Long Division etc. but then one who is only just able to creep thro a subject herself is not fitted to carry these poor undisciplined people through the difficulties that beset the path of childhood, and ignorance. I am therefore teaching a school so large that I must do either injustice to the children, or send some away, or soon break down myself--with this apprentice as my only help. In a large graded school there would be more, purely primary scholars, and this lady could work there with more success--or even where no school had been before organized (tho I dont think she would do well at building up a place alone) She would also be excellent in an industrial school--tho' she wouldn't like it perhaps fully as well. These are the facts--and while in nine cases out of ten I should not be so likely to get another teacher of such excellent spirit, as this lady (yet I might, and should hope to do so,) still something more is needed here, it seems to me. I can assure you that those excellent ladies of Beaufort,--(the graduates of Holyoke etc) are now often thought of as I remember last year; and found the principle well established that it requires a knowledge of higher branches as an aid in the art of teaching the lower--at least such information is of use, how much more then, a knowledge of Long Division I have just learned that there are two or three class of perhaps a doz. each in the outskirts of the city which want to be taught if any could come out to do it but now we can not go with this large number in our regular school. I am now all the while afraid that a knowledge of the inability of this teacher will leak out--among the colored people,--that some scholars will greatly embarrass her and the fact will come out; which will injure the school and give to those petty teachers about town, a chance to talk of her inability and to boast of their own ability. I have told this lady that I did not think she was the person--exactly, that was needed here. She was not the least offended, but remarked She "was afraid not" but she would rather like to remain, tho' would I think be willing to go to another field. (I think this letter will bear reading twice) but I have set before you the facts to the best of my ability and have done it thus early that if you choose to send another teacher or make changes it may be done during the Christmass Vacation (if we have any) or before the first of January 1869--as many more scholars are then coming. There occurs to me two advantages in sending this teacher away if you send me one competent. 1st When the warm weather comes the school will be likely to fall off--that is in April--so that two of us could make it successful and then if I had a colored monitor just to hear the very primary classes, thro' the winter--I should not be compelled to keep her a moment longer than she was needed thus save expense; and please the people at the same time who want a colored teacher. This could probably be done without injury to the work of education, if one competent teacher was here to help me. Another advantage would be in the example to the colored people. Dr  says that it took the world 4000 years to learn correctly the idea of God; and it sometimes costs communities a good deal of training to learn some one idea, and is often worth all it costs To remove this teacher on the ground of inability would teach these people that it is the belief of the Great American Missionary Association that uneducated teachers are not fit to do so grand a work as many here suppose themselves capable of doing This is a most important lesson--for even the ignorant minister here,--said, to his people" just befor I came, --"We are now a free people and therefore ought to depend on ourselves"--meaning in the connection in which he put it that they were able to act as their own educators The spirits and intentions of this woman seem excellent, but she is not very well qualified in my opinion to do general missionary work, as she is passive and confiding in her nature--rather than cautiously and wisely aggressive and endowed with christian dignity and humble energy. One must have the grace of being able to "go out into the highways and compelling them to come in"--to do much with these poor dormant people.--After all she will not be useless here if she remains, but I want you to understand the situation of things. I am getting to weary for the beginning of a term. My books are not yet here!! There is a Miss Hine in Middlebury who has been out once under the (Vesey St.) Freedmens Union Commsson. She wants to come south. I think. And I don't believe she has yet come. She wanted to go to Virginia. She is a christian and will answer the necessities of this place. I had thought of asking you to send for her at first but did not know but you might send me even a better than she. I think the church might pay partly for her support. I have enclosed two letters to which you can add what you choose, seal and send on if best or do otherwise or better if you can I leave it with you. You can consult the Brother of this Miss Hine who is in N. Y. at No 3 Courtland St (Clocks) his name E C Hine.