I arrived one week ago to night, went into Sabbath school next morning and after finding out from the Colored preacher that he had intended to commence day school next morning and after a little preliminary arrangement I gave notice that I would commence school Monday morning. So I have been teaching all the week not losing a moment since my arrival. The colored minister is a man of much pomp and arrogance who charged me with incivility in not informing them of my intended arrival immediately previous to my coming pretending that such information would have better enabled them to prepare for my coming and board. But really he is a little sorry that I take from him the privelege of teaching as he hoped thus to get a little change. He was soon reconciled by the overwhelming manifestation of attachment to me on the part of his people Yet he would not consent to let the school have the body of the rough little church for such unholy purposes as the education of children He said that Brackett came there a few days ago and would have left teachers but as he would not consent to a schools being held there "Brackett went on with high head to Lexington with his teachers" So I went down into the damp basement to begin my work by confidently expect to go up higher ere the winter is out Indeed should a lady come to help me I have but little doubt but the body of the church can be obtained The Trustees are in favor of it, and the Bureau agt has used his utmost endeavor to secure it. I have already 55 day and 40 night scholars and dare not speak on the subject of Education or visit the people at their houses for fear of an irrepressible inundation of black children in the school room Therefore "Come over into Macedonia and help us."--or Send us immediately some amiable self denying christian woman to this beautiful country--to these poor people. I have as yet had but two night schools as the room is under the church, and I would not attempt to teach under a noisy meeting. I pleaded with this preacher for an abandonment of a few of his religious meetings to give the people a time and a place to learn to read All the people seem to be convinced that it is for their interest to come to school four nights in the week They are mostly young people who compose his congregation He still stands out with dogged semi-religious obstinacy. But he will give way soon I think. Indeed I have no doubt of it. When I was here before there were 400 children in our schools, and the Editor of the principal paper here told me to day that there is about 1600 colored people here in town and there are but two little petty schools beside my own each having only about 25 scholars Therefore it is a fair presumption that there will be work for two teachers beside myself here. But I hope you will send one as soon as convenient I intend to ransack the town next week and bring out men women and children to school looking for help to teach I can obtain colored Assistants by the score but I have not found any yet who are competent to help much and none who are willing to join a normal class and prepare for making teaching a business and to encourage any others it seems to me will only sanction these little private schools which are taught or rather kept by ignorant teachers, and which rather stand in the way of education than act as an aid to it One of the candidates for the position of Assistant wants me to pay him $25. per month He can read some but not correctly. (Ignorance!) I have written to Mr Brackett to send me a circular containing the Course of study at the normal School; at Harpers Ferry hoping to so set before these aspirants the necessity of preparation as to prevent their all turning teachers instant The people pay my board by a ten cent per week tax. They will I think pay the board of a teacher if you send one. All the expense then it would seem will be a little house rent that not over $20. for the term. I have bargained for a house in view of a coming teacher and the colored man and his wife are to remain--she as cook--and he'l be handy They are neat people. It is where the teachers have lived before. The Children have not advanced as they should in the time The feeling of the whites toward this work is encouraging. Much better then formerly. Men that once did not recognize me, now always speak and I am taken cordially by the hand where I least expected it Men whom I had forgotten now call me by name and appear friendly Compliments and Expressions of desire for success in this work reach me from time to time in a round about way so that I know that the old prejudice is in a measure gone. The school is very much in want of Books. I sent to Chaplain Manly of Richmond to see if he would not furnish. He says the government does not do it now and I feel obliged to send to you for some--but will make the order as small as possible. I think the people here will pay for every book. I really want a set of outline maps There is but a fragment of one or two here and there all smoked up--but I dare not order them. The Readers formerly used here were Saunders and were good, but the higher numbers of Wilsons have been introduced so that I think best to send for a few of Wilsons also. I have written to my friend E C  in the city hoping he may send me a clock in the same box with the books. It is now monday morning. I had a new experience last night. I asked the colored minister to give notice in church of my night school He roughly turned to me and replied "They'll find it out fast enough"--and refused either give the notice to his congregation, or to allow me to do it; This is unaccountable. But few will come under the circumstances But the School will Go on.