Sir this you have rec'd my letter stating that upon the authority of Mr Logan--of Scranton Pa--and in view of the fact the the First Presbyterian Ch of Honesdale Pa. would pay the board of Mr Plandin [sic] while in the South (provided as Mr Blandin says, you make application to them, or to that church for it) also in view of the high qualifications of Mr Blandin and the necessity and importance of the work to be done here under the circumstances and also in view of the fact that it is late to open and organize a school here, particularly in the country--and that he could proceed to one which was already commenced--and one for which, I believe his talents and education fit him--and for other reasons I advised him to proceed, -- in accordance with Mr Logans request to Charlott. And he went yesterday morn. I last night read your letter--and was sorry that I had acted quite so promptly. Perhaps I have laid myself open to your censure in so advising but I tried to do what was best, and what I thought would best please you and and they work under the circumstances. I will listen with patience to your advice for future occasions The School A Storm Bursting Upon Us Probable Result Yesterday was one of peculiar trial and of unexpected misfortune. Nevertheless "In God we trust." Having obtained our third teacher (Miss Burke) and having had such an increase of scholars that it was impossible to teach in the basement of the Ch and having consulted the Trustees and the School Committee--and informed them that it was impossible for all the school to remain where it was--and obtained permission to take a class up into the body of the Ch, therefore I send Miss Burke and her class up there on Monday. Yesterday the colored minister came and ordered her out and ordered her downstairs after she was out of the church. The scholars actually piled in to the basement--For altho' a minister, has no right to proceed in this manner, I knew  to exercise authority over the church building in place of the Trustees--we thought it best to make no resistance It was impossible to teach below and that Heroine Miss Burke took one class at a time out by the side of the house to teach, sending in the class that had finished its recitation and calling for the next in, the [unclear: old] from 9 till 2 in the afternoon Great excitement prevails all over town in view of this occurance and the Trustees have another meeting on Friday night The Presiding Elder is absent--but I believe God will provide a way to settle this matter to his honor and the benefit of the colored people and the cause of Education This is the Crisis--which when past will leave us In more of prosperity than we have yet enjoyed I think.