I write not of necessity, but it may be interesting to you to hear of our School House project. There is no equal to this colored minister. His ingenious and persistent opposition to every plan for the education of these children is a favorable comment on the ability of the negro. The plan which I sent you of a little addition to our room passed the Vote of the "Qarterly Conference" though it was opposed by the minister til past Midnight We thought we were successful but as the matter had to go before the Trustees there was still a chance for mischief and you may be sure the Preacher lost no time in influencing the minds of all he could to not build a House Wednesday night they had a meeting but before that I had traveled many a mile to find the Trustees at their work where I could talk to them that this minister might not persuade them against the school. We were again kept till midnight. Lewis the minister tried every way to prevent a vote. He was chairman and he would not allow me a word of advice or counsel, as he feared the force of my remarks in its influence on the Trustees and I had to sit there till midnight and see those poor people falsified and their interests misrepresented, and belied. He succeeded in preventing a vote to build as an addition to the basement any School house. But presently a little African ingenuity was displayed on the other side. One of the Trustees was strongly in favor of school and made such an overwhelming speech that a vote was taken to build a school house--but not to adjoin the Church Every man voted for it. But alas they dont know the cost. I fear we shall not have it this season. After the vote was taken the Minister tried still to make the people believe they had no right to put the House. The meeting finally broke up without any regular adjournment and as one Trustee after another came out Lewis was still left contending. I dont know but he remained all night and talked to himself. I trust the Lord will do something with us I dont know what--Our school increases