I have thus far met with more opposition to the work of education from some of the colored people themselves than ever before. This however, only shows the more forcibly the need of this blessing, though opposition from the very source whence we might hope for gratitude only, is hard to bear. The Superintendent of the Sab School seemed to be from the very first, envious of the influence which he thought I might gain over the children, and although the school was out of all good order I was not permitted to make any suggestions. They were in need of catechisms; and after even speaking to me about getting them, when I informed them that I had done so the Superintendant could not allow the school to receive them and they lay on the table before the school two weeks unused while the school was in great need of them. But that obstinacy has been worn out by the sunshine of kindness and I am now welcome to help in any way that I may desire. Last Sabbath we had our first Sabbath School Concert. Hundreds of texts of scripture were recited and the exercises were altogether successful. Since our arrival, thirty new scholars have been added to the school and it really begins to appear like a northern school except the color. From the very first the Pastor of the colored church here has shown prejudice against the school as he wanted to teach himself, though entirely incompetent This opposition to our work reached its crisis on 18th of January. The smokey damp basement in which I commenced to teach, as it only extends under a part of the church, became filled and upon application to the Trustees I obtained permission to take a class up into the body of the church. After the first day the Pastor came and ordered both pupils and teacher down stairs There was no room, and on on the 18th of January a class of 50 scholars was taught ought doors, and since then for two weeks the same class has recited in an old kitchen close by which is not large enough for them all but accommodates a few at a time Yet under these circumstances the children will come to school. Indeed an entire new school of 60 scholars has been collected during the past month and still the number increases. I hope this opposition will wear out after a while for it is hard to have a school turned out of the only suitable place for it, when that place is owned by the colored people themselves, and even the teachers here three years ago paid hundreds of dollars toward erecting this very building. Christ "came to his own and they received them not." The Night School has been greatly disturbed by noisy religious meetings overhead, which at ties become almost deafning, Yet the number and interest increases It is perfectly astonishing to see the patience and persevereance of these people under such circumstances, as would ordinarily be thought a complete preventive of anything like study. There is being formed and exhibited a very hopeful and somewhat remarkable habit of Honesty among these children. Nothing has been stolen, to my knowledge in the school since I have been here, and whatever is lost if found by any is restored. Every day articles are found on the playground such as pocket knives handkerchiefs and very often money. These things are always brought to me that the owner may be found. Yesterday a boy brought me twenty five cents that he found in the street asking me to inquire in the school if any had lost it. No owner was found and the boy carried away the money. I enclose a copy of my Tobacco Song. It was printed by a boy about 15 years of age who is one of my scholars. Three years ago I taught him the Alphabet. His complexion is perfectly black, and he is now engaged as type setter in one of the offices in the city. It is said that the righteous man scattereth iniquity with his eyes,"--which appears from the following. Little Mary came to school two days, then I missed her. I went to her cabin but found her not. Her mother said, some white man came and watched for her, and as she returned from school seized her without her consent, and carried her off. I found that the mother had been sick and during this sickness had called on the town for aid. On this excuse the authorities "Bound out" Little Mary for eight years,-- a substitute for slavery. The mother needed her and when it was known that I would apply to the military she was restored and is once more in school.