Yours of the 20th is read. Altho' the $17 for which you have applied for rent if received will aid the work, yet by reference to the acc't presented Mr Whiting you will perceive that it is already paid by the freedmen, for last month. I have also secured from them the rent for the present month ending the 12th of May. It will be more difficult to collect it next month, tho' I think we can get it. I have used the utmost exertions to save expense and the money raised for rent has been entirely distinct from that paid for tuition and has not diminished that at all.  The actual rent is only $10. per month, the other $7. which I included was for expense for fitting up the house,--seats desks etc. I do not think the school expensive, considering that we had to rent both a school room and dwelling house, The actual cost above the sale of books for board and all aside from salaries, being from the 23rd of Nov to the first of Apr. only $6.22/100 to the A.M.A.--for three teachers and the education of 300 pupils. We are now paying for board about $11.00 per week for all, and the freedmen raise 5. As to the question how soon we can close the schools without injury to the work! "I would say that it would in my opinion, be really for the interest of the people, in this comparatively cool country to hold the schools as long as we can; for the following reasons 1st As we now have room, and books, the schools are doing better than at any time before. 2nd An early close will deprive the younger pupils, who have not been able to attend thro' the winter, of any chance of education. 3rd As the people already complain of the long vacations made by northern teachers, they will be likely to attempt to set up schools themselves and so desire to controll them or by Autumn to make it difficult for any northern teacher to again get possession. 4th The opposition seems to have subsided, or our schools have passed beyond the controll of those who would injure them These are the reasons for continuing the school. There are other considerations, that might be used in favor of a speedy close.  1st Should a teacher be sent to remain all summer, that would answer all the reasons given above in favor of continuing the school, and it might be closed very soon. 2nd We are all weary, having put forth unusual effort to keep up our school against opposition and without convenience 3rd An early departure might call the people to their senses as "blessings brighten as they take their flight" and we might add that the house in which we have been having been sold, we are not very conveniently or at least desirably situated for warm weather, tho' we do not complain. There are three times on which we can close our school with no injury to the work already done, provided you inform us two or three weeks beforehand so as to give us time to conduct our "Reviews" in the classes. 1st On the 15th of May when the rent paid expires 2nd On the 1st of June, and I prefer to remain no longer than that if it please you,-- tho' perhaps the ladies would remain longer yet they would not like to do so after my departure 3rd The ladies had half fixed the time on the 15th of June, but read your letter of inquiry indicating an earlier close; with much interest and even pleasure, Should you think best to close soon what shall we do with the few articles of beding--Sell them? There will be a few books left. Shall we leave them in care of the school committee?