I dont believe there is, or has been a case of parallel obstinacy on the part of the colored people anywhere in the south, with this here on the part of the minister and two or three others who want to teach, You are aware that we have 160 day scholars--and, these sit piled together in the basement represented above which is only about 30 ft square and as you see does not extend back under but part of the church. We could not stand the close air and confusion occasioned by a school taught under these circumstances and as I before wrote, sent a class up into the body of the church on the 17 of Jan. by permission of the Trustees. The minister turned the school out next day and it was taught out doors We soon secured a place in an old Kitchen close by but this was on the domain of the Minister--and last Monday he sent a woman up there to that small room to wash a large lot of clothes and after teaching one class over a kettle of boiling soap suds--the teacher was obliged to take the next one out doors, for the room was only about 10 ft square and with 25 children standing over that fire she could not endure it (The minister had promised the use of this kitchen, but did not keep it as it seems.) The minister knowing that a class taught out doors would injure his reputation ordered them off the ground. We went back to that damp miserable Basement where we have been till now and are so worn that I have the school one day as a holiday--to rest the teachers. I have hunted the town to find a building to rent I found one close by but after all my hopes I am now afraid we shall not get it under a month as the man who before we engaged it was to repair it is a drinking irresponsable man. I intend by the help of God as Gen Grant used to say in military matters to "Fight it out on this line" or rather to pray it out in this line. I am tiered of this unexampled trouble about room and have proposed to the people to buy lumber and build the little addition which I have marked out on the other page. The Lumber will cost about $80 and the work at full price about--45--I think this may be obtained at a reduction It can be put up in a week and I think with the church which the Baptist are getting ready for next year, will furnish a comfortable place for the school in the future We can make out very well with it this season--It would also be very handy for night school as we cold then take a class out from under there noisy religious meetings held over head I will give 20 and want you to send word immediately if you can give 30 or more. If a meeting is called before your answer I think I will promise 40 expecting 20 from you on my own responsibility. The case is urgent--we cant hold out much longer--John Scott {Answer by return mail}