The first six weeks of school have rolled away, and the prospect seems brighter now for a successful school term than when I began my work I never was more perplexed in my life about any business than I have been about the missionary work here. When I first came the colored minister found fault with me for not letting him know that I was coming, on the pretext that he might have provided for me board etc.--but--he really wanted to teach himself He next accused me of sympathy with the Bethel Methodist--a faction of the Methodist denomination which he hated as do all the regular old school Methodist here. He said I had written to the pastor of the Bethel Church, for the use of the building in which to teach and used that as evidence of my sympathy. He then expressed his decided disapprobation of the plan of using the Church as school house--whereupon I informed him that I was willing to go into the damp smoky basement to begin; and I have been there. He tried to raise a prejudice against northern teacher by quoting the expressions of Mr Brackett and representing his acts in an unfavorable light.--and by preaching the doctrine that now the colored people are free they should become independent of northern aid. Others also have been secretly opposed to the school, as some of them have been trying to teach themselves and more desire to do so. The Supt of Sab School is one of this latter class, or at least some of his family are. And instead of receiving me kindly he has appeared very defiant. The teachers last year informed me that he was much prejudiced against the school. The Catechisms which you were kind enough to send and which this Superintendent asked for he now refuses to take as he says he expected them free of charge. I then offered them to him free of charge as the school need them very much. He still refused to take them and they now be upon the church table unused, as he says it wouldn't be right to receive them without pay if they cost me anything Alas for human nature "He came unto his own but His own received him not." Still amid these obstacles, and there are not by any means all, the work goes gloriously on. My number has gone up to 109 in the day school and 50 at night, and there is a prospect of a large increase at the close of the holydays. The night school has been kept back by the religious meetings over head although the pastor promised faithfully that at least two nights in the week the school should be undisturbed then that very week commenced a protracted meeting in violation of his word, and when I asked him to give out notice in church of the formation of night school, he refused to either do it, or allow me to do it. Still the children come to school and will come in spite of all opposition unless they are compelled to go otherwheres There is much drinking among the negroes here and I am impatient for the arrival of my "Temperance Melodies" that I may organize a society. The principle man in the church is strongly in favor of the school, and all the more so from the fact that he is now learning to read himself. He is a man some fifty years old and says he has tried once or twice before to learn, but never had remembered even a letter I call on him every night and he has now learned all his letters and begins to spell. He is a  Leader and a man of Ability If ever he learns to read it will be worth the cost of the whole school. Another man who is one of the Trustees of the church, and a shoemaker by trade is learning to use figures a little He hires several men in his shop but could not keep his accounts He can already add and write down numbers correctly, and even begins to subtract. I have called but a few times but he always drops his work when I come and gets his slate He says what he has already learned is worth One Hundred dollars to him After a ball of snow a few days ago the boys began coasting and two of my scholars were accidentally hurt both having their legs broken They carried them home and when once in the house, in the midst of his suffering and groaning one little fellow cried out "Now [unclear: Mamma] I cant go to school" I call every day and give him a lesson in bed, and he watches my coming with the most intense interest. On the whole I feel as though I am getting out of the harbor away from some of the shoals and nearly ready to put up all the sail for the fair regions of science and virtue among this people.