We take our vacation next week and never men or women needed it more. We have averaged 9 hours per day at least in actual teaching ever since we came to this place and the circumstances have been such as seem to demand it. We shall be obliged for the remainder of the term to curtail our labor or lose our health. Since we have occupied our new room which takes 50 scholars out of the crowd, the school has done extremely well. There seems to have been a find of desire to learn which lacked opportunity for development before, but now bursts forth with new energy.  The greatest drawback at present is the neglect of the parents to purchase books. We do not intend to give books away as the people here are generally able to buy,-- but the very energy which the people here show to obtain a livelihood operates against their buying anything but what necessity demands. The determination to obtain enough of this world to so as not to be encumbered the property of the whites, and to own a home is very strong. There are within my knowledge at least six new houses going up near me owned by colored men, each of which must cost not far from $3000. These people who three years ago could scarcely speak of their cents now begin to talk of their thousands of dollars, but they give far less in proportion to their ability than when they were less able. The parents are scarcely ever seen in or about the school room. They havn't time, but they are interested in their children. I dont know what we would better do about a school house Sometimes before the term closes, if you intend to keep up a school here, should you be coming south so that you could do it as well as not, and without much expense, it would do no harm to call on us and give us counsel in regard to School Building I enclose you a note from Mr Brackett which will give you some idea of his plans in regard to the matter. The case is this. There is no suitable school house here and never will be successful school, at least not without constant liability to interruption until we have a School house. Yet this is by far the richest part of the South and the children the most hopeful scholars both in science and morals, of any we have ever met. The people could build their own school house or at least could do more than they can in most places toward it, but with the feeling they have in regard to their rights they would annoy teachers constantly with their notions if they owned any right in the building The people are rather anxious to put up a small building now and I dont know but I better encourage them. The night school will not be successful so long as it is held under a noisy religious meeting and the day school will not be successful crowded as it was while we were together. There really ought to be a school house here entirely independent of the colored people, and I doubt the perfect success of a school until that is accomplished I dont know but my encouraging the colored people to build a school house would stand in the way of Mr Bracketts coming here to build one better and larger Such a building as ought to be put up here would not cost less than $2000. Mr Brackett is not very popular here with the colored people, and I rather am inclined to think it would be better for the people for you to build a house and return this point if you could Have you any suggestions If neither Brackett or you build a house I think I better go ahead with a small one and let the colored people own it but alas! the Colored Minister is here fro another year! Should you desire to continue school another season here I think there ought to be a teacher kept here all summer by all means.