I wish to bring up two questions in regard to business which seem so nearly balanced in my own mind that I dont know how to settle them--at least would like your council. First I had thought the question in regard to the expediency of either of the ladies remaining,--settled, but some things have lately takes appeared that cause the doubt. In the first place I had concluded that Miss Davison would better not remain from the fact of her inexperience, as well as her unfortunate deficiency in education--thinking she might have trouble if left alone.--but while it is merely possible that such would be the case, yet since the advances classes have all gone out to work and will not be likely to return in the summer I do not think she would have any difficulty. Beside this she has shown unusual tact for a beginner in managing a school. I scarcely ever found better progress in a primary school than her scholars have made, and confess I am agreeably surprised. She has also taken great pains to improve herself and has persistently used every opportunity to do it. These tracts--together with her love of the work--her clear moral judgement as well as her missionary spirit;--and, her excellent knowledge of all kinds of needle work make her too valuable a laborer to lose from this work. 2nd I think it would be rather better for the school for her to remain 3rd--Col Manly has been up from Richmond and says he is ready to help with Govt funds--to build a school house Many of the people are ready--they have the ground--but I dont believe they can raise the money till after harvest If there was anyone to come and lead them in September they would do it. These are the considerations in favor of her remaining On the other hand she might have trouble from advanced scholars--Again she would need a vacation in the Fall of at least 4 or 6 weeks, at any rate, 3 She rather desires to return north when we do--partly for rest--and partly to better fit herself for next winter. (tho'with other teachers she could do well now) The importance of holding this place from the influence of these ignorant colored teachers is my excuse for asking your council in a matter which perhaps it is my business to decide. Do you think it best under any circumstances if I can raise the money for me to remain a month to superintend the erection of this building. I merely ask this question as Col Manly promises aid, and the funds my be exhausted by Fall--I don't really want to stay Please write by return mail