Yours of the 17th is at hand. The ladies will both return as you suggest. In regard to myself though you permit me,--yet after careful inquiry and thought, I am inclined to think it not best for me to remain, to build. 1st This is the most unfavorable season to raise money 2 It will take the people a month to recover from the Fairs that are now going on--one to raise money for a Cemetery in which all the energy of the town is engaged and others for differin objects The Baptists are leaving no stone unturned under which they can find a cent for their proposed church Nearly $200 was raised last night at these places 3rd Before much could be done, many of the people will have gone to the Springs (Bathing Places) which abound in this section, and draw the colored people off by hundreds as waiters etc. 4th The "Harvest money" referred to is not that which arrises from the sale of wheat and other crops as only few people own land, but money paid to laborers for gathering these crops, and therefore will be ready when the crops are gathered without waiting for the sale. All the people say they have the most money about the first of September--or those that return from these Watering places about the middle of that month 5th Col Manly having been here advises to "drop the building question until we know where the next teachers are to come from"  The reasons in favor of building now are 1st There is a desire on the part of some of the leading people to have it done, and a unanimous vote of the Trustees of the Church property, to put a School house up on the church ground--and a seeming willingness to give a written Lease a security to the school. 2nd There is the clearest indication among the colored people of decided preference to the American Miss. Association over any other society. One of the leading men remarked a few days ago that "If you all's Society dont help us build, its no use for any other to try" The moment Bracketts name is mentioned they shake their heads and say "He'll bear a heap of watchin" They think he tried to get undue possession of their building when here (I dont think he did) but they do not favor him--or the Presbyterians who are at work in the north part of the valley under Oscar M Warring and who I hear also have an eye to this place. 3rd To remain might prevent some of these unruly colored people from doing some mischief which they would if left to themselves After all if you think best for me to remain please answer by return mail These are all the facts that have come up that I can think of to aid you in deciding I want to have here Monday if I can The Measles have made havoc in school for two weeks, and the Fairs have also taken away nearly as many more as disease Near what St is Nelson Place so that, if the Ladies come in to NY at night, or near night they may know where to go. They want to know