I am requested by the pastor of the colored Baptist Church in this city, to make a statement of the wants of his people, in regard to a House of Worship. And having been located at this place during the past year as missionary to the freedmen under the above Association, I am acquanited with their condition and feel it my duty to aid them if I can. The membership in this church numbers about 150, and the only place which they occupy as a church is a small log house, containing two rooms each nearly twelve feet square. A large part of the congregation are of course obliged to remain at home or attend other churches I meet with the Sabbath School nearly every Sabbath and there are always nearly as many about the door outside as in the building--to say nothing of those who know they can't get in if they come, and so don't come. Even this hut they rent, of a man whose love for religion and negroes, is not sufficiently strong to make it certain that they can keep it for any great length of time Their colored Methodist brethren have joined with them in purchasing a lot for a cemetery. The cost of burying in the grounds of the whites was so much, that the friends of the deceased often found it next to impossible to raise the money to bury their dead The ground cost $12 00, and is to be paid for within a year. With these obligations and wants and struggling for daily bread, these people are making a vigorous effort to build a church. They have bought a good lot, for which they owe now about $400--having already without aid paid about one third the price for it. They wisely plan not to put up the building until the ground is paid for, and for this they desire aid They have also paid $400 unaided on the timber and there is about $150 now due. During the past winter the timber has been drawn to the lot and piled, and is now waiting the carpenter The building is to be about 40X70, and to contain a basement for a school-room. Nothing could be needed more Last winter as Superintendent of schools I had to use my utmost endeavor to prevent the Methodists from turning the children of the Baptist denomination out of doors, not from any animosity but for want of room; and in order to accomplish this, three teachers, and 160 pupils were obliged to perform their school duties, in the same room, and that only about 35 ft square It was too fatiguing to be repeated another year, and the erection of this building seems therefore as essential to the education of the children as to the religious instruction and worship of the people. Relying upon God, their own energies, and the aid of the beneficent, they hope before winter comes again to accomplish their object. There is some indication that they will receive some aid from a Western church, but they will still need some 300 for the present purpose. One half or even one third would, however greatly aid them, and without that aid, it is clear they can not carry on their work I do not know that I ever knew a more urgent case of this kind.