You will receive by the enclosed entrail from editorials of the Louisville Journal* Feb 27 that a very important deliberative assembly will meet in Louisville May 7 1867 We have already sufficient assurance of the presence of the leading men of the Northern Democracy who adhered to their principles during the last six dark years. The leading men of the South will have the opportunity in the convention of receiving that cooperation with the Northern Democracy which is now our only hope. We address you especially on the subject because we especially desire your presence. Your philosophic and statesmanlike views heretofore expressed indicate you especially as one of those whose presence would be most desirable on such an occasion. We hope that you can promise your attendance, and will also recommend the attendance of others from Virginia whose ability and discretion would render them valuable members of such a convention -- a convention which may be more important with  than any similar convention which has been assembled in this country. *The Journal has identified itself within a few months with the Democratic party NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION, May 7, 1867 [editorial attached to letter] The Democracy of Kentucky have issued the call for a National Democratic Convention to be held in this city on the first Tuesday of May (the 7th), 1867. Though we questioned the expediency of of thus initiating the movement, we shall gladly do what we can to promote its success. The following are the resolutions of the State Convention of the 22d, in which the object and plan are distinctly stated: RESOLUTION Whreas, the Democracy of Louisville have proposed the meeting at Louisville in May next, of a National Democratic Convention, for the purpose of consulting upon the imperiled condition of our country, and have invited the calling of such a convention by the Democratic State Convention now assembled, and have pledged the hospitality of Louisville to such a National Convention. And whereas, the Democratic State Conventions of Ohio, Connecticut, and New Hampshire, and the National Democratic Association of Washington, as well as many leading Democrats, have responded favorably to said proposition for a Convention, therefore Resolved, That we, the Democracy of Kentucky, in convention assembled, do hereby invite the Democracy of all the States to meet at Louisville on the first Tuesday (the 7th) in May, 1867, for the purpose of consulting upon the conditions of our country, and the restoration of constitutional liberty, in a general convention of delegates from each State equal in number to their Senatorial and Representative Congressional delegations. Resolved, That a committee of seven be appointed by the chairman of this convention for the purpose of corresponding with the Democracy of other States and making arrangments for the proposed convention. Under these resolutions the delegates from Kentucky (one from each Congressional District) will be selected by the people of the district, in accordance with a resolution of the convention, and two for the State at large will be appointed by the Central Committee. The committee of correspondence and arrangements , appointed under this resolution by the president of the convention, consists of Dr. J. R. Buchanan, Littleton Cooke, David Meriwether, Jefferson Brown, Wm. B. Hamilton, Boyd Winchester, and W. N. Haldeman. The convention proposed is not one of those imposing demonstration of the masses which appeal to popular enthusiasm, but a deliberative assembly of representative men, in which the statesmanship of the the whole country shall combine its wisdom and and moral power to determine not only what is best in the abstract, but what is practically the wisest and most judicious course to be pursued by the friends of the Constitution. The plan of such a convention was originated here by Dr. Buchanan, whose energy and success in orginating and carrying through Democratic conventions are well known. It was upon his motivation and the arguments by which he supported it that the resolutions were adopted by the State Convention; in which movement he was supported by Col. Churchill, of the Central Committee. Dr. Buchanan was very properly appointed Chairman of the commitee of arrangements and correspondence. We do not by alluding to the origin of the convention movement intend to intimate that it is in any degree a personal affair, but rather to give assurance that it will be vigilantly attended to and judiciously conducted by its friends in Louisville. The proposition was unanimously adopted by the Louisville Democracy, and was earnestly sustained and adopted in the convention. It was regarded (as Dr. Buchanan expressed it) as the one thing needful at this time -- the essentially necessary measure to bring about unity of design and concert of action between the Northern and Southern Democracy, without which unity there can be but little hope of restoring constitutional government. We shall expect to see in Louisville next May an assembly of the very highest character for patriotism and ability. The deliberations and determinations of such an assembly will carry with them a moral power and influence which have seldom belonged to any purely deliberative assembly. Its deliberations and consultations should be ample and thorough. It should give days and weeks, if necessary, for thorough discussion, and for the deliberate action of tis committees, and it should not adjourn without appointing permanent committees for the promotion of its great objects.