 I seat myself this evening to hold a short conversation with you all. How are you "one and all" getting along in the old Maidens establishment, suppose Miss Baldwin is pleasant as ever. Does she ever get Spotty on her back now? I hope not. I suppose she looked very [unclear: disconsolable ] after I left-I hav'nt a doubt but my departure cast a gloom over the house. Well I must stop this & tell you about the party, now Lucie Tish Annie and Mary all get round the stove with you "little feet on it as to be comfortable and put a [unclear: book] on the arm & then set" the lamp on it, and I will begin about the party (all ready). Well we arrived at uncle James's about five and intended coming on home that night but Charlie and Annie's Billie came down to the road and said we should stay all night and go to the party. Father at last consented, and we drove up and spent the night. In the first place we had harly stopped till Billie asked how his little Annie was getting along, when I went in the house, there sat two or three gentleman, you may know I was considerably frustrated but how some ever I stood the trial of being introduced to them After sitting awhile another gentleman came in. I felt very much agitated at being among so many (males). As the evening advanced, supper was announced, need I tell an elegant one aunt R never has anny other kind. And then about "7oclock" we started to the party. I was mounted behind Billie__" Cousin Hannah behind Mr Dunlap one of the Brownsburg students who came home with Charlie that evening. You can fancy us riding across a cornfield with [unclear: cornstocks] higher than your head. I forgot to tell you how the rest of our party went. Charlie Mr Clemman ([unclear: Lew]) Mr Martin went in an old sleigh to break the road, we went up the steepest hill you ever saw, [unclear: sow] dreadful deep. I was afraid I would pull Billie's shirt, drawers, and every thing else off before we got up the hill. But we got up at last, and arrived at the party without accidents happening. When we went in they were sitting all around the room, I was completely surprised to see so many there, when Cousin Hannah and me went in the parlor I got with Mary Smiley the first person. We had not been in but a few days minutes when they commenced playing some kind of a thing, that you seized the boys by the arms and dragged them across the rooms. The boys began to come around on our side, and asking the gals to promenade the floor wid-em. I told Mary I thought we had better take a promenade on the porch (I told Mary out there about the cat fainting) staid a few minutes went in and sad [unclear: stower], and lo! and behold! a feller asked me to take his arms. I was terribly excited and if it had not been for the support of his arm I dont know what I might have done. I tell you he was a mighty nice little fellow. There was about 28 or 30 there - just enough to enjoy themselves they were all very sociable. I tell you I never was at a party where I enjoyed myself like I did there, (we had good things to eat too) We played all kinds of kissing plays, I always got around the kissing part as quickly as possible, managed to kiss my Cousins, I now you all are tired reading this awful letter - especially this description of the party. But please bear with me a little longer. I want to tell you about little Thompson Brower, Ok! Tish he [unclear: pintedly] cut around Marty that night, you ought to have seen him jumping over the floor he cutting some kind of a step. I had a mind to ask him if it was what they call the Grecian bend I was dreadfully afraid he would slip and split himself up from the centre of gravity, you all know where that is, Annie does I know. I will tell you one more incident of the party & close on the subject as I went to get on when we started I mounted the [unclear: stile] a plank broke which occassioned considerable laughter - I tried again and the abominable old plank broke again I will have you all to comment on my misfortune; we got home [unclear: or] to uncles half past 2 in the morning. The next morning when we were ready to start (we were all in aunts' room) Cousin Hannah came to the door & called me out, I went out and there stood aunt killing herself laughing said one of the [unclear: oreges] women was going to have a little one, said she had just taken sick, while we were talking (babie) [unclear: hollored] recken it was hurtin / Uncle James, Father Mr Dunlap, Billie & Charlie were in the room just over her. Cousin Hanna came and called Uncle James to take them out of that room so they went out pretty quick, cousin Hannah said the nigger woman had the thing sitting on the floor, what do you think of that. I will try and stop on this subject and write something else. I want you all to decide about an offer which a gentleman sent me a few days ago. He sent me word in the first place he would give me $10.00 in Confederate monie for a composition told him [unclear: or] sent him word it would have to be greenbacks. He returned the answer he did not have the change but would give himself for one, the question is will I accept the offer I want your alls advice on the subject, of course I expect it to be confidential. I have not been to meeting since I came home, weather has been too inclement & I am so  [unclear: skeary]  about the house. [unclear: Mathi] said she was going to send the waggon around to take Sue & me to preaching wish she would if her brother would drive. Well Lucie I might as well tell you that I lost that note you gave me for your Ma it was in my cloak pocket & I suppose it dropped out I looked every where for it. I am very sorry but I will cut a cuff out and take to your Ma next Sunday I dont think you put any thing in the note except that. I will tell your Ma how you wanted it made. I hope you wont think hard of it I could not help it. Lucie I know you will like to hear about Robert Morrison & James Mcnutt, they are in Brownsburg studying medicine, so it is no longer Jim Mcnutt & Bob Morrison but Dr McNutt & Dr Morrison; wonder where they will practice? I am afraid Bob's health wont stand it; you know he is delicate. Lucie you remember I told you I would transfer my correspondents to you a gentleman offered himself to write to you he asked me to let him write to you, He is the one that I used to get letters from every Thursday, you dont know what pretty things he said about you I told him I would transfer to you any correspondence. I must stop as it is bedtime please all excuse this miserable letter write so I will get a letter next Wednesday, my love to you all Mary, Annie, Tish, and Lucie dont let any one but the girls in your room [continued at top of first page] Give my best love to the girls in Nelies room and to Lucie & Ella. And last but not least give my love to my dear Lizzie tell her I will write to her next week, hope she passed her examination, If you all let any one see this I never will write to you again