The time has again come round for  me to write home. And it must be done  to night or you will not get one this week.  Because we have a little more spare time  Wednesday night than any other, and  precious little then, for in addition to our  regular studies we have a poor chance to  do for examinations; two of which  we will have next week, Greek, Mathematics.[1]  We are very well. The anniversary of the  Graham Society [2] came off on last night.  It was such a pleasant and beautiful moonlight  that there was a large crowd.  The anniversary address was delivered by Mr.  Paxton of Rockbridge.[3] It was a very good  address, well written and very well delivered.  The question, "If Turkey fails to protect her  Christians should nations interfere" was then  discussed by four other members of Society,  whose names it is not necessary to mention.  All the front of the college was illuminated  and made a very pretty appearance.  The people of this county held a meeting at  the Court house, Monday to nominate candidates  for the convention which resulted in the nomi- nation of S McD Moore and James Dorman, two strong Union men, so that if the  question of Virginia's secession depends upon  their votes, she wont go out soon. Who are candidates in Augusta?[4]  From all I can hear, I think that the  secessionists are rapidly gaining ground  in Virginia, and would not be surprised if  that convention should declare Virginia out  of the Union. From present appearances it  seems that we are almost sure to have civil war.  There are such extensive military preparations  going on in the north and from the threatening  and insulting way in which the Republican  papers and from the overbearing and  contemptuous actions [unclear: ]  of Congress in refusing compromises giving  the South the barest justice, it must be Lincoln's intention to compel the South  to remain in the Union, if he can.  And if he attempts that, the whole South  will and ought to unite and oppose it.  A week or two ago, a few of the boys secretly  made and hoisted upon top of College  a Disunion Flag, bearing a single red star and  the word Disunion. But Dr. Junkin very  soon had it taken down and there has  been nothing said about disunion since.[5]  Yesterday was warm and clear, but now it  is cold and snowing. I never saw weather  so changeable, or so much rain, or so many  cloudy and foggy days in my life as we  have had here. It is hardly ever clear three  days at one time.   We have been looking for a letter from  home for two or three days to tell us  about the wedding, but haven't got one  yet. You must think we don't want to  hear! Does Uncle Andy look like he  is married?[6] Writing letters is the hardest work  that I have to do at College and since  there is nothing here that will interest  you, and believing that I have done  remarkably well in having written this  much, I quit. 