When I wrote home  last week I believed that our company  would not be ordered out, but now we  think we will be.  Two or three weeks  ago, we determined to write to the  Governor (before we would get  coats) to know whether he would order  us out or not. After waiting two  weeks, Mr. Jas Davidson of this place  came home from Richmond, bringing  us word that the Governor would not  call us out under any circumstances.[1]  Saturday night Capt. Nelson received  an official answer from S. Rafael French,  Aid de Camp to the Governor requiring him  to ascertain the consent of the parents  of the boys and to report to the Governor,  and he would then "decide the matter."  By the same mail  Prof. White received  a letter from Greenlee Davidson (son of the  above and clerk in the Executive department)  telling him to ascertain the consent of the  parents of the boys, and that the Governor "would  order us to Harpers Ferry or the Manasas  Junction"[2]. A good many of the boys  had gone home. They have been written  to, to return. The parents of a few of the  boys will keep them at home, but we  have been getting some recruits to fill  their places. There is no doubt but that  the company will be filled out, in a day  or two. We are drilling four times a  day. Recitations suspended.  The captain ordered us to get flannel  shirts or jackets. We have no coat.  We are out of money and would  like to have some this week if you can  send it. The County Court appropriated  $25,000 to equip volunteers, allowing $25  per man. An effort will be made to  have ou the remainder of our uniform knapsacks paid &c -paid for out of this  fund. Some of the court object to it,  because we do not all belong to the  county. We have heard a great many  reports about the fighting at Hampton Harpers Ferry illeg., but they are too  favorable to our side to be believed.  I heard this evening that 7 houses in the  upper end of Waynesborough were burning  yesterday as the cars came by, couldn't  hear whether it was by accident or had been  set on fire[3]. In consequence of so many boys  leaving, the Faculty has called a meeting  of the Trustees, next Saturday, to graduate  the Senior Class and suspend College.  Whether the company goes or not it is  not probable we will have any more  College duties this session.[4]  We will write again as  soon as we hear from the Governor.  I would like to have two new pair  of woolen stockings.  William & I both want a new  strong cotton shirt. We have one  apiece, our sleeping shirts which  have never been used. You need  not send them here, as we will  go to Staunton and most likely  by Waynesboro of which we will  give you notice. Has Ma gotten home? and has she improved? Write to us soon. 