I am compelled from want of pen and ink to write a line in pencil—seizing a moment now I may not have it half hour hence. It is my painful duty to inform you that your son William died today after an illness of several days which appeared to me something like conjestion of the brain. Our brigade has been very much exposed by forced marches through heat and dust, and by being compelled to camp out at night without tents, not even the superior officers being allowed to carry tents from the difficulty of transportation.[1] I suppose it would be most agreeable to the feelings of yourself and your boy's mother that his remains should be taken at once to his home, but we have been drawn up in line of battle this evening[2] and on application to our colonel[3] he assured me that it would be impossible to get permission from Gen. Johnston[4] for any one to leave at this time, and I ascertained that permission had been refused to remove the remains of Lieutenant Patton[5] of the Rockbridge Grays who died this morning. And although I had with considerable difficulty made arrangements for William's transportation before speaking to Col. Preston, I felt forced to abandon it, and have provided for his decent interment in the Episcopal Cemetery here and have directed a head board with his name to be provided so that at some subsequent time his remains may be removed to the bosom of his friends. When I discovered that William was sick I had him taken to the Hospital in Winchester which is in Charge of M. H. Houston, formerly of Rockbridge, late of Wheeling, where every attention possible under the circumstances was provided. I have done the best I could my dear Sir and in communicating with the stricken parents of the most admirable young man, it is but the simplest justice to say that whether as student or soldier, I had nothing to complain of him, but believe in my conscience that he did his duty modestly and conscientiously on every occasion. Your son Andrew has just mentioned that the physician thought the disease of his brother was spinal [unclear]to the brain.[6] Excuse the unavoidable haste of this letter, for I am hurried in every way imaginable. We are expecting the enemy here at any moment and I believe that we are able to meet them. With assurances of kind regards and sincere sympathy. 