Knowing illeg. your anxiety  to hear from us at this time, after receiving  Andrews letter, I write to inform you that we  are both well, except that Andrew is somewhat  wearied & broken down from a march of about 11  miles on yesterday, under a broiling sun & some  dust & but a little water, we forming the rear of about  ten or twelve thousand soldiers & consequently were  crowded out from the wells, that being the prin- cipal source, until the middle of the evening  when we fell back from the main body. [1] We that is Jackson's brigade, Johnston having gone to Winchester  camped in the woods last night & this  morning marched to this place about 3 &half; miles  below Winchester. At our last encampment we  were placed in an open field, under a burning  sun & orders to be at your posts & had to stay  there for four days. The enemy were all the while  stationed at Martinsburgh 6 &half; miles off. General Johnston sent illeg. to Gen. Patterson  who is in command of the enemies forces  to send away the women & children from Martins burgh  but he refused & sent back word that if he (Johnston) would  lay down his arms & return home the he (Patterson)  would forgive all past offences. Gen. Johnston offered him battle for four days, if he would  come out of Martinsburgh but he would not do  it and John ston thinking his numbers too great  being at least twenty five & perhaps thirty thousand  & a reinforcement of 5 thousand at the Potomac  at some point between Harpers Ferry and Shepherds- town and his position too strong, thought it  advisable to fall back & so we have had no  battle yet, but on Saturday evening[2] a dispatch  was brought to the General that our pickets  had been driven in & that the enemy were advan- cing: we were soon drawn up in battle array  & advanced to a position, after having been  on the field about illeg. two hours, we were taken back  to quarters, it having turned out to be simply  a fight between the pickets; the enemy not coming.  Jackson on that morning received a letter  from Gen. Lee congratulating him upon his  promotion to brigadier General, the letter came in advance of the official announcement.  While on the field the two Generals made  a review of the troops Johnston of all of the forces  & Jackson of the Virginia brigade.   I like Johnston's appearance very well; I think  he is a very prudent commander: indeed the same is  true of both: you know "prudence is the better part  of valor."[3] What is going to be done I don't know;  the soldiers never know the intentions of their com- manders until it comes to execution; so we here in  camp have as little idea of an intended action  as you. I suppose the Yankee papers will glory over  our falling back as an inglorious  and precipitan retreat; but  call it by what name you please I think that  Johnston knows what he is about & am very willing  to obey his orders, although it did pester me a good  deal for a while & does yet somewhat, to go at  things as it were blindfolded. illeg. Even suppo- sing that we could have whipped them, it would  have been at too great a loss of life & consequently  it is more prudent to retire. How soon we  will have an engagement I can't tell you; but  there must be one at some time or another.   The result of the fight that took place on Tuesday  the 2nd I suppose Andrew gave you very correctly;  on our side illeg. three killed & four or five wounded.  The most reliable report we get illeg. in regard  to the loss of the Federal forces comes from  Mr. Boteler, a brother of Hon. Alex Boteler,  who says he had it from the quartermaster of  their army to this effect: that there were illeg.  from three to five hundred in killed & wounded  however true this is I think that there is no  doubt that their loss was considerable.[4] The number engaged on our side was illeg. the whole (except one company)  illeg/ of Harper's regiment and one piece of canon: on the enemies there  was supposed to be about 3000 a great many  of them being regulars.[5]  Since writing the above I illeg. hear through one  of our company who has been at Winchester, that  they are throwing up a breastwork about one mile  on this side of town; which looks very much like  making a stand here, I didn't suppose however  that we would retire beyond Winchester. Billy Wilson received a letter from home, a day or  two ago, which brought the news that Edgar Wilson, whilst capping his pistol, shot himself in the foot, shooting off  one toe & another almost off.[6] I heard from Gam Dalhouse a day or two ago, he was then improving with a prospect  of getting well. John D. Brooks[7] & all my acquaintances  are very well. We have just perused yours and aunt Martha's [8] letters. On their way down McComb and Baskins [9] heard at  Bunkers hill, a village between Winchester & our camp, that  we had sent back all the baggage, except so much as we  could carry & accordingly left their knapsacks there & our letters  with them & did not get them again until this evening. Aunt Martha wrote that Mr. Lee was taken prisoner by  the Georgians, our own troops. I didn't understand  it at all; he has not turned traitor has he? [10] We heard yesterday that Lincoln message recommends  calling for 400,000 more men & 400,000,000 of dollars.  I don't illeg. know where he will get the  money from. Andrew joins in sending love to all  at home and Uncle Ben's [11]. Remember us both very  especially to Mr. & Mrs. Murkland; we would like to  be there to see them, but more especially the folks  at home. I was sorry to hear of Father's sickness  but I hope ere this shall have reached you he will be  restored to his wonted health. I regretted very much  not seeing Willie and Elick Murkland. illeg  To night Andrew is pretty well again. 