 You will perceive by  the heading of this, that we have changed  our camp a few miles. Though you need  fear no hostile demonstrations on the  account as we are yet ten or twelve  miles from the outposts. We were only  moved about five miles—only one  mile below us in Fairfax Court House[1], a  very pretty village in time of peace,  but now every where you see signs of the  presence of soldiers; a general air of neglect  and confusion, fences torn down, tents  of regiments and brigades seem in every  direction as far as can be seen through the  openings of trees. The country here is very  pretty; it is hilly, though not such high  hills as we are accustomed to in the valley,  but a succession of low parallell ridges running nearly north and south, which  render the appearance a great deal more beautiful  than the low flat country around the Junction. It is very densely wooded—mostly pine  and the whole filled up with thick under  growth, forming the very best protection  to the pickets and scouting parties, and also  a shelter for those terrible engines of destruction  (to the Yankees)-"masked batteries."[2]   Troops are still concentrating between this  place and our picket lines—the main body  of the army is here—what it all means  no one of course can tell, though you may  rest assured there will be no more falling  back on the Junction, unless we are com  pletely beaten, of which however I have  little fear. I do not believe the Yankees are  ready to fight us yet—their loss was too  great on the 21st July for them to have  recovered from it so soon.[3] All military  operations are exceedingly dull  and sluggish.   We are both very well and right  pleasantly situated, if indeed a camp  life can be, at all pleasant. The camp  is a right good one, the water not quite  so good as that we left.  William Wilson[4] reached camp  this morning, from Fairfax Station  where he left the boxes, and for which  we will send tomorrow. He gave us  all the news, both from home and  Rockbridge. The Cars now run regularly  to Fairfax Station, about 3 miles from  the Court House. You will hereafter direct your letters to Fairfax Station Company I 4th Regiment Va. Volunteers.  I suppose Charles told you that  Capt. White's resignation has been accepted  and that Mr. Morrison has been elected  Captain. He will make an excellent  captain. I like him very much.  He is one of the most industrious and  intelligent men I ever saw.[5]   Father wished to know that amount  coming to William from the Confederacy.[6] Capt. White is not here and Capt.  Morrison knows nothing about it, he  can only make the calculations at $11 per  month which results as follows: $31.63  up to the first of July and then 16 days  in that month $5.50 making $37.13.  The pay master made a note on the pay  rolls, that William had died and the day  of his death (16th of July) but the amount  could be drawn at anytime without  difficulty. Any statement from the Capt  could in no way, be of any service, I think.  He can find out better in Staunton than any  one here can tell him.  I am going to Fairfax Station today for the boxes. 