 After waiting and  looking, a long time, for a letter  from home, Mary's reached us a  day or two ago, and gladly was it  received and read, telling us all the  news and that you were getting so  much better.[2] I hope you will be  careful of yourself, and still continue  to improve until you are entirely  well. Mary said Father and  Uncle John were talking of coming  to see us. I am very much  afraid they will take it out in talk.  However, I hope not, but will look  for them before long. If they dont  come, I hope Emmett will, as he  spoke of doing. I expect though  he will not be so anxious to come  here, as to Manassas. I wish he  could have gotten there, to see  the whole Army and its chief dignitaries.  There is only one brigade here and  a few militia, so there is not much  to be seen, except a rich and very  beautiful country. The brigade  (except our regiment) has moved  has  moved about five miles below  Winchester. We go to-morrow. [3]  There is, not yet, a sufficient number  of wagons to move all the regiments  in one day. We havent been able to  find out any thing of the policy or  intentions of Genl. Jackson. Nor  can we get any reliable information  of the enemy. One day we hear, there  is a large force at Romney and the  next, that they have left and are concen- trating near Williamsport: that Loring  and Henry R Jackson will attack them  in the rear, and we in front: but  still we see nothing indicating a  movement of any kind. [4] General Jackson sent Major Preston (of the  Institute) his Adjutant General, to Gen Lovings  Headquarters, last week, but I dont know for  what purpose.[5] He left the ground covered  with snow. That army is having a very hard  time, and will suffer this winter, if not  carefully provided for. We have had very  high winds and cold weather lately.  We burn a great deal of wood, build large  fires at the doors of the tents, and manage  to keep tolerably comfortable. [6]  If you can send us a comfort, a good wide  one to cover us both. Send the boots the  first chance. I'm most barefooted.  How did [unclear: Tobbin] ever have sense or  courage enough to ask that girl  to have him, or walk out on the floor?  Nobody need ever despair of marrying  after that; the most despondent and  most often rejected can take courage. We expect to be paid off soon for July  and August and probably for September  and October too. If we get all it will be  quite a pile, about $70. The Government  is too negligent about paying up. Most  of the Company are out of money.  Send us the cost of all our clothing, that  of each piece. An order has been issued  to send for all absentees, who are  able to come into service.  Will Uncle Andy continue his  business in Alleghany?  Much love to him Aunt Sallie  and Aunt Betsy and all the rest.  Has he found a name for his boy  yet? Mr. Reed sends his love to  Aunt Betsy.[7] Why did Dr. Walker  resign?[8] Is he tired of the service?  If you all dont write oftener, I  think I can charge you all with  carelessness as you have done us.  I hope the Yankees wont give us a chance to fight them this winter. If they dont make any more raids into Virginia I think there is a chance of going into Winter Quarters, otherwise not very soon.  