I hope you have received the letter sent off on yesterday. When I left home I thought perhaps I would have returned before this; but instead of that we are getting further away and I hope gaining an im portant victory for the Confederacy. Our division of the army was pretty quiet on Saturday and Sunday, but a pretty hard battle occured Sunday evening, to our right, on the York River Railroad about eight miles below Richmond. Gen. Hills division was the principal one engaged. Early this morning all Jackson's troops crossed the Chickihomany and all the army are following up the enemy; for I should have stated that he was again whipped on yesterday. We crossed the battle field on this mor ning! There were many dead and for miles the coun try wa is strewn with knapsacks blankets over- coats and various other articles. Squads of prisoners have been coming in all day and probably five or six hundred have been captured. I saw five about three hundred captured horses and mules this morning. The enemy have crossed a stream fourteen miles below Richmond and blown up the bridge, and heavy cannonading has been going on this evening across the stream. Time is important for them in order to get commisary stores out of the way. If it were not for his Gunboats McClelland might find some dif ficulty in finding a place of rest on Virginia's soil.[1] We havn't seen our wagons for five days and have lived principally on hard bread and havn't been particular about clean sheets or the abundance of our covering. It is now about sundown and I will stop; but probably add somthing more before I mail it.  I have just heard that Capt. Newly will leave the army in the morning and will write a few lines more and give it to him to mail. Four of our boys have fallen out of ranks complaining; Strickler [2], Two My- nes[3] and Meade[4] also Tom White [5]  but I hope they wont be much unwell. I suppose you all are engaged in harvesting. Crops are rather light in this part of the country. [unclear: S] leaving Gordonsville we have passed through a miserably poor country; sometimes passing for five miles through flat piny woods. 