 We received a  letter from home yesterday  one from aunt Clem and one  from Bet[2], so we had quite  a reading, we had looked  for them for several days  before they came to hand.  The one from home was quite  a family one the, kind I like  only wish they would come a  little oftener, was glad to hear  you were all as well as usual.  There is no news in camp  of importance, the enemy are  still quiet & I hope they will  stay so until we get our  army better organized, they  are reported to have a large  force between 20 & 25 thousand  but I think that is too large for if they had that  number they would not  have any difficulty in march  ing right on to Staunton, but  I think they are afraid of  Jackson, I wish he could  get a sufficient force to drive  them back for it will never do  for them to get possession of  this rich & beautiful valley there  is sill a great deal of corn out  in the fields yet which we  ought to have for will need it  after while. We are still at Parson  Rude's 5 miles below New Market  on the fine Steinberger Farm.  I tell you it is the finest  farm I ever saw the land  nearly as level as a floor.  We have two houses to stay in  & plenty to eat so you see  we are getting along finely.[3] I do not know what our force  is not more than 6 or 8 thou  sand. I am afraid we will have  to fall back farther. Our compa  ny was filled up yesterday with  the Rockbridge Malitia 52 in  number they are very nice men  Charly McClung[4] is among the  number a very pleasant man we scraped up kin but I do  not know how much, I expect  he is all you know any thing  about, we had an election  of officers this morning  which resulted in the election  of Hue White Captain Strickler  First Lieut, Sam Lile 2nd  & James Culton 3d one of the  malitia[5] I think they will  make very good officers  but I am in hopes by June  we will have our Captain  back by that time[6] if all reports  are true about the late fight  in Mississippi but I am afraid  there is some mistake about  it I have no doubt we get a  great many prisoners but I don't  like the thought of falling back  again and I regret the loss of  Gen Johnson for I think he  was an excellent officer, we get  no papers and cannot get the  particulars but I am in hopes  we have defeated them badly  though our loss is very heavy  now is the time for the South to  act if we delay, now we are  gone but I will never give  up as long as there is a ray of  hope, I don't believe there is  any chance for them to whip us.  We are both very well. I like  the service very well though it is  right hard but I think every one that  can go ought to. Give my respect to  aunt Elvira and to every body write soon  for it takes letters so long to come. love to  you and all the rest. 