It is a long, too long, neglected duty I now undertake. I am not well, scarcely able to be up, still I fear long to delay.  Your letter came to hand just as I was preparing to return to our home in Casenovia. We only took a few things to Utica for the winter, shutting up our house.  Libbie commences school again this week. We have fears as to her being able to continue long in school. Our conference is to hold its session the middle of April. Until after which we shall be held in suspense as to our future destiny.  I am very sorry to learn of your poor health. Ought you not to seek some "remedial cure"? Our Jamie is at Clifton Springs Water Cure. A Clerk and Student. Make your preparations when you come north to go there for a few weeks. I think it is about thirty miles this side of Rochester. Libbie was there several weeks and greatly benefitted. I was only there a few days, still it did me good.  My effort at moving back, and getting chilled, lifting too much &c has brought me down again. I cannot now see when I could fix upon a time to meet you at [unclear: Mother's]. I think you better make your arrangements without reference to me, but let me know, and if it is among the possibilities, I will meet you.  Did Mr Reddy ever send you the "Olive [unclear: jar] " He promised me he would, and afterward said he did not know whether he had or not. I sometimes tell him if forgetfulness is a means of grace to help him to heaven, he will surely get there.  I send you several photographs. They are none as good as I wish, and mine is too bad to be seen. It was taken by request of the Chittenango people just as we were to take stage for depot after working two nights in packing, because because of so many interuptions [unclear: days] I fear I shall never have any better taken. hide it as soon as you look at it. I never yet had a good picture.  Shall we not expect those of yourself an family? When you write we'll look for them.  I am quite tired, as you will see by my writing  I do not know where brother Isaac is. I have heard that he had started south from Illinois. Hope to hear something sometime. We are terribly scattered and thinned out as a family. But I trust we shall all meet in a world where no sorrow or separation comes. Mr Reddy did not come with us, and will not come until on his way to the conference to be held at Syracuse April 13. Much love to yourself and family 