I seat myself this pleasant morning to write again to you We are all well at present and hope that you also are in good health we have had no letter from you since Sunday week we have been at the office nearly every day this week but there was no letter for us and very few from the Ferry. I think you are all getting too slack about writing home. we would like to have a letter at least once a week Mr Wm  Wright has been home on a furlough. he and his family were down visiting their relations. They called and Mr Wright said you were very well when he left. He expected to start back last Thursday. Henry Wright started Wednesday night to Staunton with his wagon He is to take a load of provisions or clothing to the soldiers in the Western part of Virginia, I suppose. There was also a great many soldiers started from there this week. Mostly Tennesseeans, between 3 and 4,000 for the Western parts, under command of Ex-Governor Wise The Augusta [unclear: Lee] Rifles has gone also to protect our State from her enemie's the thirteenth company from Old Augusta. There is a company trying to be made at Newport, an independant company to go where there is danger or stay at home to be regulated by the vote of the company. It is thought by some that it is most to fair, for of course the greater portion would rather stay at home, at least some, unless they get more patriotic than they are now. There had about 30 joined it the last I heard of it. The militia are now mustered every week. They have not yet been drafted in Augusta I expect if they are there will be considerable additions to volunteer companies Capt [unclear: Hutchens] paraded his company yesterday evening in the little fields of ours back of the weave shop it appears the Newport fields & lots are all in pasture & cant be mustered in. The Capt I think does tolerable well now but the company -when such mustering I actually believe some dont know right face from left. General Sproul was to have been to see them muster but did not come The Newport boys have formed a company, they call themselves Southern Guard so I have heard. We were sowing two days last week at Newport making pants for the soldiers There was a pair cut out and marked for you It was said they were for the Southern Guard but I believe there was pants made in Middlebrook for them so we dont know who will get those that were made at Newport The Ladies have been makeing clothing and tents for the Brownsburg troop who lost their clothing at Phillippa. The wagon started to day It is to be hoped their defeat it will be a lesson to our troops to be on their guard. I have no time to write any more as the mail carrier has gone by and I wish to send this to day if possible 