supposing that you and little sisters will be glad to hear from us- I take my seat for the purpose of writing you. we are here and we had a long troublesome Journey up the Valley in the hot sun we laid by during the heat of the day and drove late at night and camping out each night we eat our snack in the ambulance & slept in it & had quite a good time not withstanding the oppressive heat well we are now here- on our arrival we found poor Hen quite ill indeed but he knew us and was glad to see us our arrival seemed to improve him but later got worse and in a few days he died poor fellow he is now gone to his long home. the doctors and all did all they could for him but to no purpose his race was run I hope the good man has taken him home to himself. I am quite will pleased here. This is a fine large nice house and I have good a time I some times ride out for the cows & take the black boy george on behind me. He generally walks & brings the cows but is glad when I go with him. We have two cows & buy some of our milk. till Jinnie we have two pretty little calves here and a lot of nice hogs and a nice large bay horse And the market man drives him in his wagon mostly I wish so much that you wire all here with us Pa talks so much about you all and wishing you were all here and I think he may yet Move you up if ma will come. this town is not as large as martinsburg and lays in a hollow. I am quite will pleased here Pa & I wint to church last Sunday. We have a great many viseters here daily always coming and going. Pa thinks of going Down if can get off may go in a day or two give my love to Miss Mary & Jane and all of our kin Pa Joins me in sinding much love to you all if Pa comes down I will be along I got my shoes and much olblige the remnant of our thinge have come. We lost the tea & Some sugar and coffee and all of the things in the barrels tell Mary Ella & lily to take care of my pigeons and rover tell Wiltre Diffinderfer that we sold old dove and little Jeff tell Will ramer that I am trying to get a pair of pigeons for him tell Miss Jane that I wish she was up here to make my clothes I write this in the dining room the tables are crowded with ladies & gentlemen they are about done and I must close and get my super doctor Mchesney desires to be remembered by you