I concluded to write you a short letter & I hope you can read it I hear that you are all well and getting along quite well of which I am quite glad I learned also that you were going to School at a School kept in our Schoolroom I hope you are learning fast and are a good boy I have been told that you were quite wild and somewhat unruly. Now my boy this will not do. I want you to learn fast and grow up to be a smart & good man and the only way for you to do it is to apply yourself to your studies. be attentive to school and obedient to your teacher. dont run about the streets at anytime with bad boys. keep out of all bad company keep close about home and take care of your Ma - and little sisters You must remember that you are the only man person left there to care for them, and to look after things, and you should behave right and act like a little man (now listen at what I have said & dont let me have to scold or correct you when I come home for your bad conduct two doctors, captain Brown and myself are now keeping batchlers hall here. we have a fine time of it, we have too violins the doctors play at night but otherwise it is quite lonesome I would like very much to have you all here with me. a friend & me have bought a large Hotel here. we are going to carry it on, as soon as we can get it started it is close to the Rail Road I learn that your cow has a fine calf, and I suppose you have plenty of nice Milk now take good care of the cow, have plenty of feed gotten for her, get Mr Staub to sell you some bran & shorts for to make slop for her Louise, Henry, & Jerry are here with me they are well Louise is almost crazy to see you all I seen Jack and his family not long ago they are all well Henry is grown to be a smart boy & John is as fat as a possom they live at a good place 25 miles from here Major Robinson died yesterday morning 26 th  just of Phneumonia he was sick some time tell his family Mr Jacob Thomas & Miss Jennie Robinson went to Richmond this morning to his funeral He will be buried there to be removed hereafter. I regret & mourn his loss, but we must all die sooner or later and should so live that me we may die happy. I still have the large Sorral horse, Uncle Johns bay Selah & an other bay here I dont ride much now. I am mostly in the house and have a comfortable place but would like to get out of service entirely that I could go where I please & when I please and think I will leave entirely before a great while I have nothing of much interest to write you now I would like to hear much more from home than I do I am always glad to hear from you all and get the particulars as to how you get along Get Ma to have you 2 pair good boots made and get the other children several pair each have them all large and lay them away for an other time get plenty of good & nice clothing have Some made up all of you get plenty of things if can try and live comfortable have plenty of coal & wood put away to last all winter have the wood cut & put in cellar lay in some apples &c Give my love to the family & kiss miss Jane tell her their friends here are all well her sister is nearly crazy to see her she says. They talk of moving to Richmond sometime soon remember me kindly to all friends give my love to Aunt Peggy & cousin Lute & the little girls and also to Aunt Bettsy & Uncle Jim And tell Cousin Mary I got her letter & was glad to hear from her and am much indebted to her for her kindness in my behalf I answered her letter I hope she received it. tell her to look out for the widower. I hope soon to get home and see you all. I want to see you worse this time than I ever did during the war Now can t  you write me a little letter & tell me how you all are and are getting along. get Ma- or Miss Jane to show you how Send Grand Ma and all the folks word that I am well Give my respects to Mr Staub & all others No more but