The pictures came to hand which done me almost as much good as if I had seen you all except you Some of the pictures are good some not so good but they all suit me. I would have mine taken & sent down if could get it done, but there is no operator here now but may be again, when I will attend to it I am glad to see you all look so well & getting along so well. I had expected to see you much fleshier & only to get a half view picture. You state that Freddy is complaining. See the teacher and request him not to keep him too closely confined to his book & you give him some recreation from school see to this as too close confinement to studies now might ruin his health for life & alike with remainder of the children See to them as much depends upon their early training Try & keep them from running the streets & keep out of bad company talk mildly and seriously to them often which will do much more good than correcting them How I would like to have you all here with me, but if it cant be done now I will have to wait until it can, let the suffering be what it may. I have just got some 4 shirts & 6 collars which come in like a dram in the morning I am now quite well supplied in that way for some time to come I am running short of drawers if I could get hold of 2 or 4 pair of nice drilled cotton I would like it. My resignation is still unaccepted but I will no doubt get out of the field. the Secty-war has shown me great courtesy in the matter as also all other officers through whose hands the papers have passed. I have seen a number of our citizens recently & hear from you generally I make it a rule to write by almost every oppertunity whether it goes through or not I think you might write me often & fully remember me kindly to all friends but I forgot Miss Jane & the children. kiss Miss Jane as usual for me & tell her that she can pay me double when she sees me I will try & select her a nice beau. The people here (residents) are kind of a scotch Irish population & not desirable but will make the best selection can kiss the children all round for me tell Freddy he grows up a perfect little man and to act as he looks. be kind & corteous to all and to manage things right at home Sissy she getting to be quite an amiable little lady & I learn unusualy industrious & does good service in the domestic circle Lily she grows up as cute & [unclear: cunning] as ever a perfect coquet eye and manner be a good girl & help Ma- and attend to Jinny Little Jinny grows up as fat as a possom and looks as saucy as if fed on Crout & homany. And as to yourself you look well in the face but form much more delicate than I expected to see Come up & see us and get some of our good eatings & I think you will improve (in short you all seem to be doing quite well.) but I have a hard time here blundering along solitary & alone care for no body & no body caring for me but so wags the wide world Ask Cousin Mary if she thinks enough of me to write to me and if dont to say so but I suppose she is so strong union that she could not flourish a pen to a Rebel but she will change & think better of that & will marry one yet unless old B- Henrys up So my love to all good night