Through the extreme kindness of a friend I propose to try & get you a few lines. I have been quite disabled from Rheumatism for some three (3) weeks most of the time confined to my room & a good portion to my bed & now whilst I write I am in the greatest misery, but hope so soon as the weather clears up & settles I will be relieved Louise, Hen, & Jenny are all well, fat & saucy We are still running the machine & doing quite well My papers not yet come on look for them daily I heard through a friend a few days ago from you in which I am enformed that you are in a peck of trouble about the confiscation of our property Well first no property will be permanently confiscated until after the war (certain) and a claim to it now is all a farce & of short duration. So far as ours is concerned if they will take it now let it go. I have plenty here to keep us well during our lives if properly managed. dont let this matter weary you one particle but just take it as it comes & if unpleasant for you there or if you are in any way in need come out here at once or at any time you can & may desire I have a good place here for you and only wish you were here now, to help to cheer up my dull gloomy hours that I spend in my lonely room only relieved occasionaly by the dropping in of some friend The doctor being my most constant visiter. George Schoppert rubbed my back by the fire last night until it is now in blisters. his family is well. M r  J. Thomas family are now boarding with us which adds something more to our society Col Hoge & a host of other lower Valley friends surround our tables & makes it seem more like old times The last word I got from you was dull & gloomy and in a desponding tone which I regreted much to see as previously you spoke so hopefull & cheerful & all things seemed bright. But I hope you will soon dispel these dark gloomy clouds & look forward to brighter days. I spend portions of my time in reviewing your pictures thus calling to mind lovely recollections of the past similar to which I hope soon to be returned Capt Brown is here & well the men generally from our section are well. I will try & write you more fully when I get better I want you all here whenever you can come out