Through the kindness of a lady going north I have an opportunity to write you. Which as you are aware I wont let pass I am not so well have been quite complaining for several days but am still going about We have the Hotel open & doing a large business for the size of place crowded every night. charges $20 00  pr day board brings in a lot of money but cost a greateal to supply it I think some money to be made at it Keep a good house every one seems pleased to stop here I have been pretty fully [unclear: imated] in the business already being up late & early I do wish you were here I think it would be so much pleasanter for us both I hope so soon as the weather gets warm you will be able to get out here  I learn that the mill has been given up I am glad to hear it, hope you will be able to get something from there. I have not had a line from you but once since I left home Why dont you write me. I am so anxious to hear how you & the children are getting along I hope you are well & the children also & they are all at school & doing well. You have no Idea what concern I have about you all. if you were only here with me I would feel happy But I live in hopes that it cant be long until things take a change and that we can live again together and happy I have thought strongly recently about pressing my resignation again which I think I will do quite soon If I was out of the service I could take much better care of myself than can now & would be much pleasanter for me Yet I have quite a smoothe even time here. get along well with every one. I seen Miss B- from our town a few days ago she stayed with us over night on her way to Richmond. she told me you were all well &c &c- but whilst this was all cheering it was not like a letter from you about our private matters I sent you the size of lace stocking hope you will succeed in getting it This lady has been here some days waiting for a passport North She may see you & can tell you all about the Hotel &c We have not got all the things we want yet but can get along quite well The servants Jerry, Louise & Hen are well Louise attends to store room Henry waits in dining room and is quite good hand and improving rapidly Jerry is [unclear: Ostter] & all do quite well. we have some 18 servants in the house all works well Tell John I will try & arrange his matters allright Capt Hammond & Lt Stewart are well & were here. Barney Kilmer was Married last Thursday to a lady of Rockingham County Va George Rainer was here a few days ago & is quite well I will send his picture to his father he left some here with me. Washgt Tabbs son Charles who was wounded his leg has been amputated and is not expected now to live inform his friends if can M r  Jenny & N Tabb so that his Father can hear it remember me kindly to all friends kiss all the children for me tell them to be good & kind to all try & write me