As an other oppertunity offers, I write hoping that it may reach you. I am now improving in health Dr Murphy stoped with us a few days I got him to prescribe for me. I have since been taking his medicine and with quite good effect I feel more relief than from anything taken before I hope I may soon recover I have suffered much since I was taken Im still running the Hotel but there is not much doing now being but little travel since the commencement of the fighting on the Rapid Ann. I heard from the men from our section of country since the fighting Capt Kirk Hammond was wounded & died Lt John S Harrison was wounded in the thigh flesh wound doing quite well now in Richmond let M rs  Young know it John Riddle slightly wounded on lip. Thomas [unclear: Meirkle] wounded on arm (here doing well Lt C. L. Drebbing wounded in arm flesh- is here doing well Porterfield Snodgrass is here & nearly well of his old wound all of M r  Hunters sons were well when last heard from Lt Robert Stewart was safe when last heard from also Lt Cunningham & Geo Reamer safe. Maj Gen l  J. E. B. Stewart was wounded & died Reports from Lees Army say that things are going allright for him There has been some heavy fighting there. I have been waiting anxiously for a chance to get home but I see none as yet. I am so anxious to be with you. I do wish you were here or me there. I am sorely tired of this way living & am anxious for a change for the better. M rs  Thomas & family & Miss Fanny Snodgrass are here & some two other families which makes some company and the little children running about makes it feel more like home than formerly but I hope this state of things wont exist long & that we may soon be together to remain so for all time M rs  Hersch who visited you sometime ago, gave me word that you were well &c &c- why did you not write by her. you are too cruel keeping me in such suspense for a little writing when you have so many chances to write & don t  but I hope you will make amends for this cruelty. I am anxious to hear what Walker did &c &c Tell me what the confiscating officer did with you Dont give one inch for any of them the confiscation is all [unclear: gammon] and will end in smoke I have nothing of interest to write you know Louise is well Jenny also Henry has the whooping caugh I have not heard from Jack & his family for some time but presume they are well. Louise is now keeping house carrying keys & attending to store rooms found a white housekeeper unproffitable To the children I do wish you were all here with me but as we are now separated, be good & kind try & learn fast keep about home & out of mischief we will soon be together remember me kindly to all friends God bless & protect you ever