I find that I have an oppertunity of at best starting a letter to you & I write hoping that it may reach you safely The weather here is warm & pleasant, the persons are generally done planting corn. We have no new vegetables here yet except Sparagrass Since the weather has settled I have improved somewhat in my health but by no means well yet I am moving about regularly but suffer much with Rheumatism in one leg & shoulders & back. I have been trying my old remedy. Cotton wadding which I think improves me. hope to continue improving until recover entirely There is some excitement and anxiety here in consequence of the hard fighting on the rapid Ann which has been going on since Friday Thursday last The reports here say heavy loss on both sides. the Federals have been driven back at all points with great slaughter & are said to still be retreating & Lee pursuing. The stonewall Brigd was again fully engaged & loss considerable The 2 nd  Regt lost Lt Col R Randolph from Clarke Co Va. Lt Grubbs of same county & four (4) privates no losses of persons from our section of country. I have enquired particularly and can learn of none up to yesterday 7th & think there is no fighting today Hunters, Jack Harrison, Drebbing, Riddle, & all seem to be spared If any accident has happened I will try & get you word promptly as I know the friends are so anxious to hear This is regarded as being the decisive battle of the war all think that Lees victory or success will be complete the army seemed to be much cheered & confident of the result but mourn the loss of Many a gallant Comrade I do hope that this may be the last battle of the war. to think of the dreadful carnage is distressing. god grant that the end may soon Come, that we may at an early day enjoy the blessings of peace at our quiet & devoted homes The Federals have advanced from several directions but preparations seem to have been made for to meet them at all points & they have been successfully repulsed & driven at all points The Confederates seem fully determined on a decisive victory & nothing will make it otherwise but annihilation of the Southern Armies Some few of our wounded are arriving here this (Monday Morning) but very few all seem hopeful & in good spirits as to the result We have nothing new here to write you all getting along well. we are still operating the Hotel I am now running the machine and get along quite well Louise has been acting housekeeper for some weeks giving out provisions &c &c - I am managing the house entirely. How I would like to have you here to cheer & comfort my gloomy house I hope by the blessing of god soon to be able to get home. keep prepared to come out whenever oppertunity may offer I hesitate to write about our private matters fully but act as previously directed I have much to say to you but have to forbear now I learn that the Yankees have taken the mill & that Walker has rented & running it x x I would be glad to know the facts of this matter Cant you write me on this subject I must close writing as the bearer is about leaving in the stage So take care of your self & the little fellows & keep things allright By the way I never got the lace stockings- I sent you a Draft of 100$ on Maryland the other day did you get it have it collected as directed in note Give my love to all friends To the children be good & kind May god bless & protect you I hope soon to see you all. The later news from the army is brilliant God bless & protect you ever