Your favor came to hand by M r  H- the money also came but I have not counted it but suppose it is allright. I have had so much to do tonight that I could not get to look at it I stayed up last night until 3am waiting for the train and am quite sleepy now but must write you a few lines. Freddy has written you fully, and leaves me but little to say to you. I am trying to get ready to come down again & hope to be able to stay longer next time We are well & Freddy is getting fat eats harty. he enjoys himself here very much. all seem pleased with him, and make much of him I only wish that you were all here with us. And I really begin to feel that it would be best for you to move up I cant think of you being there doing your own work. this is too hard for me to stand and I cant see how you are to do much better there being no servants there to be had And for you to leave there now I fear our property would be more or less distroyed, & again I feel as if this must be the last campaign of the war & then we may be be able to be together constantly. I hope for that time to come There is a Irish girl Just come here a few days ago who was formerly a chambermaid in the house, who wants a situation here I will see her she may be willing to go down & live with you if she will go she may be a good girl and suit you If she will go I will try & get M Harris to take her down with him for fear I may not get down for some days and might be too late. she is used to work and may do well but dont be too free with her as she may not stand familiarity. if she come let her sleep in one of the rooms on porch or in small room at head of stairs. If I fail in getting her to go I will try & get some one to come down with me You must have  some one if can t  do otherwise I must send you Louise as much as I dislike to spare her here dont stint yourself in money in buying things for me the things left at B- were all lost but the Bar l  Molasses 1/2 Bar l  coffee & 1/2 Bar l  sugar a few bowls and a few chambers My new drawers all the hats & some of Freddy's clothing all gone but we can get along here I have had him shoes & shirts made here & have still plenty of stuff for his clothes his yarn socks are all gone- but I will try & get him some knit I will come down as soon as can. write me often give love to all May god bless & protect you