Capt H starts down the Valley in the morning and as I  not go for a few days yet, I will write by him. I have been waiting for some weeks for the way to be open again so that I can get down but it seems that it has not yet been open We some days hear that the [unclear: cooly] are in Martinsburg & then again contradicted so we dont know what to rely upon. And to start from here on an uncertainty of getting home it seems too far to travel. but I hope in a day or two to get down, or so soon as I find the way open certain I will be there Freddy & I are well and get along quite well he amuses himself in riding the horses & a little mule here We have written you several letters lately. I sent you an Irish girl down to do your work, but I suppose she did not go straight on as the Yankees were advancing up the Valley at the time & no doubt she was stopped at the lines. She went with M r  C Stump who promised to send her to you so soon as practicable. I think she will suit you. I wrote by her. If you are willing to come out I will bring you out now. I most think you had better move out and let our property run chances. they can t  distroy the land & I dont think the other property can be much hurt and if it does it can t  be so much loss, at least not to be compared with this life we now live. Freddy is often wishing you here. I think to stay here would be much better than for me to be there as here I can make some money & live peacibly Whilst to be there I would not be allowed to do business & constantly in dread of being " & perhaps would be arrested and confined in prison which would keep you Constantly in dread &c &c. And upon the whole I rather think we had better live comfortably together whilst we do live & let the property go, or at least run chances You asked me to let you know what things we lost in coming out We lost the Tea, the lot of hats in the barrel My drawers except (1) pair, lost half of the sugar & the smaller portion of the coffee and the old clothes in the flour barrel & 13 bags of oats the remainder we have here all safe & partly appropriated I dont mind the loss, except the tea, but let it, & I will try & make some more. We are doing a good business here now & doing well I expect to see you soon