I received your letter by M r  H- also the money you sent me. I notice all you say and am sorry to see you in such a disponding moode, though dont see how you can be otherwise being left alone & have no help &c, but we must hope for better times soon. I think the tables are about being turned and we may be able to be constantly together. I have set several times to start down since I came back but it seems that about the time I have all arranged to leave our forces fall back from Martinsburg and when they advance again we dont get the reliable word until about the time they start back I had set tomorrow again to start down but cant get a buggy until friday & again we learn that our Army have fallen back to Millcreek so I will have again to put off starting until I can learn that the way is open, for if I can t  get home I care nothing about being in that neighborhood but from what we learn here I think the way will soon be open and kept clear for sometime and get give me a fair chance it is a hard tramp to make & to be foiled when most there it is too hard I have found a little irish girl who wants a home. she was a chamber maid in this Hotel before we got it and bore a very good name the proprietor kept her in his family she agrees to go and live with you and make that her home. I pay her fair down and pay her $5 pr month. I have told her what the work will be (house work) you take her and put her to work at this bargain. you put her in a room to herself to lodge on the porch or at the head of the stairs and not to room with you all. I think she is honest & trusty & will suit you well dont hesitate to put her at anything you have to do, and dont make too free with her as it might spoil her she sews well get some one to cut your wood get Mr Staub to get you some one dont think of getting along the way you have been doing try this girl & if you cant make her suit, I will send you Louise & run the chances of loosing her as you shall not be put too so much for assistance Or if upon reflection you would prefer coming out here just write me at once & I will have you brought out at once and let the property take chances, as I would much prefer having you all here comfortable and loose the property to having you grabbing your way along as you write me We are still doing considerable business here I have been offering my interest here for sale and rent we could sell now for about $175,000 00  in Confed t  funds but then the query is what to do with the money now & this is not the worth of the property we are now asking $300,000 00  and think we can get 2 at most anytime but we must make this pay as much as possible. I want at least to be even when this war is over & wish to be something ahead If I were to stay at home as you intimate I think that I would be arrested and required to take the Oath or be sent off and imprisoned during the war. the oath I wont take and and of course to be imprisoned would seperate me from you and yet I would not have my liberties or any chance to make something for you in future so of the two it is [section cut off] me to be here and make somthing for us. My inclination of course it to be with you constantly as my course up to the beginning of the war will show scarcely ever staying from home over night &c &c- If you prefer coming out here dont hesitate to say so & you shall come & I will make you as comfortable as I possibly can in Dixie I have got hold of $20 more green backs which I send you. apply it as you chose. it is quite scarce here & hard to get hold of, but I will still try & get some & will send you and as you have the chance get us such things as we we may need I will come down as soon as I can learn positively the way is clear to Martinsburg. I learn that Jacob Thomas has gone to the Yankees that is heavy work I would rather cut my throat that to be so treacherous and heap up such a stigma on my family but these are strange times, hard to fathem depths Tell moses I will try & do the very best I can for with his & Wilsons funds but have not as yet determine what is best to do with it. You try & keep this girl & if you come out & she wishes to come along bring her out also. I have no directions to give about our business there as all seems to be conducted as well as I could direct it from here Take good care of yourselves keep plenty of every thing on hand If smallpox there is too dangerous there move from the house out to the mill with Henry I will be down as soon as can Write soon God bless you all