I have a most agreeable surprise for you both, and you Ma would have given anything had you instead of me, been the first one who met and welcomed back the wanderer to his native soil. Last night I was standing in the passage with a candle, when a very  looking man asked me if "Mrs  the confectioner lived here"! Told him "yes" he smiled then I knew him, it was no other then Uncle S. [unclear: L.] Savage safe and well. Now you will be pleased to learn how he got here and how he came released from imprisonment. well he told those who had the authority to give him freedom, that he was a union man, and Yankee from the city of New York, so he was exchanged, and sent to New York with other prisoners, he then left that city, and came on to Norfolk, there he run the blockade, paying a man one hundred dollars to pilot him across the river, came on to Richmond without further molestations after that. He left this evening on the train for [unclear: Grandma's]. I do think he is the happiest man to get back I ever saw, he was going to Mt. Solon to day, but then thought how anxious they were at home about him, concluded to go down at once. You may look for him between the 9, and  next month, he is going to Richmond and will come up by Mt. Solon, so he requested me to tell you, is very anxious to see you and pa and asked about all the family down  "[unclear: Heens] as he calls her. Ella give him a nice dinner, which he praised wonderfully Oh! he had a severe time of it in prison indeed, heard of Grandfathers' death while a prisoner said the [unclear: sun] almost deranged him, heard in Baltimore that Grandma was dead he Met Mr. Adam Deane in Richmond who told him all about the [unclear: battles] Mr. Mchenry, and Mr Mafus, Which grieved and vexed him considerbly Why Ma Uncle Savage is no more of a union man, then papa, he really hates the Yankees says it was grandpa's [unclear: sentiments] that placed him in difficulty and       of the  [unclear: who] fight. Which he could not prevent he had a high command offered him in the federal Army which he quickly and firmly refused. The Yankees had him in prison in Washington city for betting that Gen. McLlelen could not defeat our Army on the Potomac. No indeed it cannot he said with truth that Uncle Savage even entertains a single union sentiment  never believe it in the world nor would you Ma and papa. He said I should tell papa that he had beat him in patent rights. The inventor Conrey of the Submarine fuse or battery, sold or I think give him the liberty to sell his right to the Yankee Navy before he was arrested, he came South last spring for the purpose of selling it to our Navy when [unclear: he] was made a prisoner not was in was made as he tells me by the command of any officer but just one private who with others went and arrested him as a traitor to our cause. You see he came here to sell this Submarine battery to our men for the purpose of destroying the [unclear: masonry] of those    and ously to damage, or   there dams. This new invention has proved its efficacy by repeated trials. I wonder papa never thought of inventing something of the kind. The batteries we have had on ours will not explode. The [unclear: lever] will not dr  Uncle looks better then I have seen him looking for years. Ella and I called  Mrs. Baker this evening the      a woman. Dear John left us last Wednesday. I grieved to have him go. May God in his infinite goodness shield and cover him with the [unclear: wings] of His love saving him from danger. Are you coming Christmas? Mr Trout has been very ill. both Miss Trouts have called on me. My love and a kiss to the dear children.