Your dear & welcome letter reached me by last night's mail I was so glad to hear from you if your letter was brief. I did not care for that it told me I was not forgotten by one I love more then all the world. Yes I think of you Every hour of my life separation does not bind my thoughts I am here, but my heart, & thoughts are with you. Oh! how much I wish I could see you to night. If I was in Staunton I should be satisfied & happy for then I could see you often. Those who are dear to me I love to have near me your separation for one day is more then I feel willing to submit to. This is my parental home & should be the dearest spot on earth to me, & here I should love most of all to stay. It was all this to me once. I still love my home dearly & its beloved inmates, but I love you more then parents, sisters, brothers or home. I never believed that I could love any man more fondly then my dear, kind, & affectionate father. my eyes fill with involuntary tears when I think another & that other a stranger has supplanted his faithful & treasured affections in my heart. It does not give me pain to know this truth of my new love for another, only a gentle sadness tinging my new found happiness, for I do yet love my noble father with a deep & undying devotion & my sacrificing Mother. I love them all but love you best. You will not believe me. Never think again that I was loving, & trying you on probation as you once told me, for had you not been all I wanted you to be, true, noble, & upright, I should have loved you still. my ambition & not my affection would have been lessened. You may perhaps think I do not understand your peculiar nature but I do, & admire & love what may seem a riddle to those who cannot understand you. Let that be as it may I care not, for all I love best, admire & love Mr. D. H. Evans. They know I love you & they esteem not for my sake but for your own I wish you could see me spining with my hair real chignon style. I find that floating curls & trailing skirts are not convenient for spining, but only suitable for the parlor & promenade. I'll hurry sure enough, for I'm anxious to get back to Staunton. Ma says after I'm through with the yarn, I must help to make winter carpets for the floors, then do the sewing for the children before the snow storms come. I think she told you last Sabbath that I might go after I did the spining. Well I look for my holiday about Christmas if I live. I hope to see Staunton before then, as I don't know what I shall do if I do not. I rec'd a long letter from dear Ella yesterday evening. she wrote for me to come back. that she can't live without me. I "must not let Mt. Solon's gloomy skies find me from her, & her boy "I want her to miss me but not sadly as tho' we were parted forever, for if I live I am going back to stay awhile with her again before long. My good papa & Hamie left us this morning for California Furnace. I feel doubly lonely since they are gone. May God bless them, & send them home soon. I miss papa so much & so long. dear Ma seems so lonely & sad when her husband & son both leave. I must do a daughter's part & try to cheer up her drooping spirits. Rennie is still in Bridgewater with her darling little David. happier with him then with all others. When are you coming down? Oh! I do want to see you more then I can write, or tell you. it seems weeks since I saw you last. I would love to see you even with your arms folded & your head bowed, & not look at me when I entered the room until I spoke to you. your meditations were so deeply absorbing that you would forget one was near who loved you with all her heart. I thank you for the kiss you sent me & in return send you one warm from my lips & heart. Write soon my greatest pleasure now is to read & answer your letters. I know you will be punctual. There is this difference between us I speak & write all I feel & you do not. Lula is well & happy. Ma & all send love to you. I send love & many kisses. Take care of your dear self May God bless & protect you is my daily prayer. Write to me soon Goodby.