I have never  Good bye feeling as unhappy as I did yesterday Evening because I know you were leaving  with wrong thoughts against me regarding our proposed ride. If you could have read my heart, & known my disappointment you would only have been pleased, & not disappointed, nor would you have blamed me had I told you why I did not go then. It was not that I thought people would say any thing, for what could they say about me riding with you nothing at all & who's business would it have been but yours & mine? I am one who does not care what the world says, or persons think of what I do when I know I am right  I know it would have been right for  horse back jaunt with  but the holy Sabbath, but  reason I did not go. I will tell you  the truth why I did not, when you come Saturday a week, & nothing but the truth then you will say you did me wrong by thinking asyou did I knew just what you would say about it that was why I cried it grieved my very heart to have you misjudge me when I  it & you will say so when I tell you  the world was against you knowing  do it would not keep me from giving , or from loving you, no I would only love you the more, & go with you the oftener if that was the case, but it is not, for all speak highly of you who know you. I would neither Thank, nor respect the person (if my own dear father) who would come to me, & say one word of unkindness against you, I could never esteem them again, nor would I have them for a friend, that is my way of doing for those I love I don't like any one who says any thing about them that is not just. If I could see your heart, & read there that you truly believe  was not what you said that kept me  riding, it would lift such a heavy  my heart. I would write you why I  but I would rather tell you so I could  you, & have your answer from your mouth you will laugh & call me vain. Ma told me to tell you that when you come she will tell you her self& so will I, it will not make you angry for you will then know why I said it was for your own dear sake that I did not  I loved you so truly. This  talk to you now but I will  go  when you arrive, & will tell you  did not go to church whilst  & that was for your sake too, as you shall hear I know you will not love me less but love me more then Ever. bless Ma she has been talking about you all day, says, she is afraid you are in your store with no fire to warm you this cold damp day. Oh! how much I would love to be with you to day I feel so lonely, & unhappy. If I could see you now I would tell you all but I must wait til you come which will seem ages to me two weeks Ma says you must come then, if you don't come in a buggy just so you come, if you come in a conveyance of your own we will if we  go to Mossy Creek church. I will not  then indeed I will not I love  you & I do not go with any gentlemen  not since I loved you. I would [unclear: no] you in any thing because I love you too well for that & some day if we live you will see & know that I have not. I could not rest for thinking of whatyou said. I went off to my self to cry & grieve after you left  not told you the truth when you  never do so again but will  will understand & [unclear: no] I was so anxious to put  from you in the subject that  Friday's mail to  Every thing for I am true you  fear to love & trust me, so long as  God's help. I shall never deceive you who I love above all others, nor will I tell you an untruth any time, or about any thing I  you too devotedly for that. Ma says the exercise you have been taking in your rides down here has done a great deal to improve your health, & appearance. I think so my self. come often then I am so proud of you. Oh! how I do  you. You are all all I want you to be but a true  & I will be all you would wish me to be. I will not do & be what is not pleasant to you in my manners or dress. I have tried your patience [unclear: long] enough in many ways. I could see that  so often have I done so, & you  complained. I do think you are the best  the world, you & my dear papa  I will do so no more, but will be  & love to see a true lady be in Every respect  you will write to me by tomorrow's mail I shall be so  said [unclear: if] [unclear: you] do not. Oh! love me will you? my heart aches so painfully when I think I have grieved you or done any thing you don't like. Ma, Rennie, & Ada send love Write to me soon. Come down Saturday if you live I will go with you any where in this world for I love you. I send a loving kiss to you  bless you is the prayer of