Your dear & welcome letter of Tuesday came safely. Its contents gave me much relief as I was very anxious to hear how you all reached town after your packed ride. I thought so much of you & Ma crowded as you were in that small buggy I thank God for your safe arrival home. I did wish you could have staid with me longer It is hard for me to give you up, knowing as I do that I cannot see you again for two long, & lonely weeks. I am left in this isolated place to count the days before you can bring your dear self back to me, but I must not complain it cannot now be helped. One wiser then us, is the ruler of our destinies. I have placed mine in His keeping, & I feel sure that God will bless our love for each other in this life. My greatest pleasure is to know you love me with all your fresh, & truthful heart. to feel that I have the entire devotion of one I love is indeed happiness not many in this weary life journey are so blessed. how many fond hearts love in vain. I pity such unfortunate beingswith sincere sympathy. I know how sweet it is to have your love, because I love you, & I can feel for those who love without hope. I am not refering to my friend Mr. Estell indeed I was not thinking of him at all, for I do not believe his heart will break, or suffer much over my refusal he has lived too long in this world for painful feelings of heart ache to trouble him. I have not met him since that Eventful Evening. I suppose he has left the county. You do not know how lonely we are now without either Mother, or father. we miss dear Ma so much, the days seem doubly long since she is gone In Ma's letter by Tuesday, she wrote that "you had been up to see them," & that "she thought you were one of the best men in the world" & "that she would not give you for all the young gentlemen in Staunton" how complimentary to you! I like for her to speak in that way of you. it pleases me because I love you, & I know you are all she thinks, & much more then that to me. I understand you best of all, & how to love & appreciate you, which I do with sincere, & unchanging devotion. I wish you were here to night. Oh I do want to see you so much, so much. I am lonely without you. I feel to night a longing, & yearning desire to have you with me. I want you to kiss me to take my hands in your strong, & loving clasp. Then I should feel happy, & safe. It seems that I mustquit writing, get up, & go right to you, & ask you for just one word, one evidence of your love for me I would then be satisfied. I know it is useless for me to wish you here to night, it cannot be, but I can't help it try as I will. My heart & head grow tired of waiting, then they get impatient, & cry out for you to come, & give me rest, & happiness. Oh! I love you more & more each hour of my life. I wish you could see my heart & read there all I feel for you. then you would be convinced of my sincere, & unchanging affection. I wish I only could see you. Have you forgotten that Rennie invited you, & myself to spend our Christmas with her in her husband's home at Bridgewater? I have not forgotten the invitation, & if you are willing & we all live, I think we should go, but I leave it for you to decide. if you would rather have me in Staunton, why I would rather be there with you then any where in this world. so I can be near you I do not care when it is, if the loneliest spot on Earth, & never see any one but you all the days of life. I would ask for no other society but yours, for no one to see, & to love but you, for then I would be happy, & contented I am writing the truth to you as I hope for Heaven. I am very selfish in this way those I love are my all in this world. I do not care for others. I don't want to be withany but my loved ones. I don't want, or wish for the society of any but those who are near & dear to me it is all I want or ask for just to be with those I love best. I know this is selfishness. I can't help it I have always been so, & Ever shall be while I live. You must not blame me I can't help it any more then I could help loving you with all the deep intensity of my nature, & I know I can't help loving you so, & I would not if I could for I love to love you If I could only see your dear dear face to night & tell you all my love for you I would be so truly happy, & satisfied. I must wait patiently until God lets you come. Then I will tell you. I wish Saturday a week was here. it is so long to me another long lonely week before you can come. I am so glad to know you are happy & cheerful when with me, for I am as happy as I can be with you near me. I ask or wish for no one else but your dear self to be with me. come soon. I long to see you again My heart & thoughts are Ever with you. I will now send you a Goodnight kiss & write to my dear Ma Write to me by Tuesday's mail, & say you love me only Rennie & Ada send love. I send love, & many kisses Write soon. May God bless you for you are so dear to me. Goodnight. Love me. 