Your dear & welcome letter of the 3 came duely to one who was looking anxiously for it. I was so thankful to hear that you were well. God is merciful to us in all things. I wish you were here to night Oh the time does seem so long since I saw you last, & I must wait until next Tuesday before you can come again Well if God only lets you come Then I shall be both happy & thankful, but the time will be long & slow in passing I shall be very busy until then. Cousin David don't like to hear of us all leaving Bridgewater Wednesday night but he must submit for it cannot be helped I hope we shall all have a pleasant & happy time tho' to us it will be mingled with sadness for thoughts of one who will not be with us to see his sister given to him she loves best on Earth. My darling lost brother will not be with us then & Oh how deeply & sorrowfully I shall misshis dear handsome face bright with happiness as in the days of his sunny childhood when he completed the joys of home. I have been thinking so much of John & longing for his presence that my heart, soul, & mind are all sad dulled to such a degree that nothing seems to cheer them. The aching void his early & cruel death has made in my heart is never soothed, or filled only when I am with you then I feel entirely happy & that I do not want any thing, or any one in the world but you. before I loved you the void in heart & soul had never been filled or made happy, & contented this is the only & sure fact that I never truly loved any but you. if I still longed for the love & to love another I would then know that I did not love you but I am satisfied, happy cheerful & thankful to love you & to know you love me is the greatest joy of my life. I ask for no other then to be near you always, & for you to be a true christian. if these blessings weremine I would indeed feel that God in His divine love had filled my cup of Earthly bliss My life & the lives of those most dear to me should be the burden of my daily prayers that they might be spent in serving God. God knows how truly how faithfully, & devotedly I love you I believe it is His holy will that we should love each other. Do not think any more of what Magnus said about my letter I did not mind it. I knew he was only teasing me. You have a right to do as you please with my letters for they are yours, & I know no one ever reads them but your self. They are written to you & for you only. If Magnus had read it I would not have cared, or been angry with you. We have been very busy all week finishing preperations for Rennie's Wedding have scarcely time to think I take time to love, & think of you. if I did not know you would be here I should not be so zealous & sure of being happy. You will find quite a crowd Ma has invited near 50 personsI would have prefered only a chosen few of valued friends. Ma is generous & wants all to come Mr Estell called again yesterday evening, sent word before he came that he was coming to see Lula tell Ella this she will laugh. I did not see the gentleman, being busy all the time he annoyes me so much that I never care to see him any time, busy or not. Rennie is just as happy as she can be until she is the wedded wife of her dear David My Earnest prayer is that they may be truly happy in their married life. it will be sad to see her leave our home circle to return no more, but then she will we all know be far happier with the one she loves best it is natural that she should. May God bless Them is a sister's prayer. Yes indeed I like the arrangement you, & Magnus have made about the style you come in from Staunton. I hope the weather will be fine. I long so much for you to come for it is such a dreary while since I saw your dear dear face. Oh I do love you with all my heart & mind I hope we shall soon see each other & then I can tell you more then my pen could write-- & it is a mean pen too, altho' a new one A few more days then I shall see you who I love so fondly, & more then all the world. May God bless you, & grant that you may come Tuesday. Goodnight. I send love & a kiss to you. Ma, Rennie, Ada, & all send love Take care of your dear self. I love you. Goodnight