Your dear, & truly welcome letter of the 19th came in due time. I thought Mr. Jones never would come Tuesday night but when he did arrive tho' late he brought your dear valued letter. I thanked God to hear of your good health Indeed you can't tell how glad I was to have you write that you would come down Saturday. if you come I will go up with you Sunday if God is willing. Ma is well again, & says I may go back with you.  anxious to spend my Christmas with you.  wish you were  to night. one week since I saw you last but to me the time seems like months. Ma rec'd  long letter from Rennie & her husband to day. he writes that he is the happiest man in the world, that he has the dearest & best wife on Earth & he advises all gentlemen to marry if they can find such a good & loving wife as he has & just so Rennie writes of her husband. she says she never was  happy in all her life & that she has the dearest & best husband in the world. I will read their letter to you when you come. I  they are very happy are boarding with . Mr. Estell wasin Monday asked Ada when I was to be married. she told him she did not know when. Both gentlemen & ladies who were here the night of Rennie's marriage said you were so handsome & fine looking. I have so much to tell you. I can't write all but will tell you when we meet again, Which I hope will be day after tomorrow. (Saturday) I have heard so many said I looked beautiful on the 10th but I only wanted to be so to your dear observing eyes. I am not vain for I never  see that I am Even pretty. I want to be  for your sake what others say or think  my personal appearance I can not  I know how much you admire beauty in woman. Mr. John Ferror was here yesterday. I had promised to spend a week with them soon during the holidays, & if I go with you I shall disappoint them all well they must wait until after the holidays. I can Excuse myself any time I would rather be with you because I love you best, & when with you I don't want to be with any one els. I have so much to tell & to ask you that I can scarcely wait until you come. Ma is rather looking for cousin Jo Sibert Christmas as she will be the only  here to receivehim if I go to Staunton with you. Ada & Stuart are going to see Miss Carrie Wise so they say & I want to be with you who I love more fondly, & truly then all on Earth & I only wish you could be with me now Come Saturday if you live & I will go back with you. here comes Hamie to tease me so I can't write with any thing like I would wish to you. Ada & H_ B_ are playing checkers in the room where I am writing. if this is not a good letter do not blame me. Oh! I am so glad you are coming Saturday for I do want to see your dear face so much & I want to go with you I don't want to be here Christmas. I hope God is willing that I should not be here then. May He in His mercy help me to resist temptation, & always do right. Come for me Saturday God grant that you may come I love you only with deep devotion. my heart & its unchanging affection are yours May our Father in Heaven bless, & guide you is the Earnest prayer of one who truly loves you. Come! please come! for I do want to see your dear face. Ma sends love to you. I send love, & a kiss. Goodnight Love me. I love you Oh! so truly.