Here I am all alone with the delightful pleasure of answering your dear & truly welcome letter of Tuesday I was so glad & thankful to get it & to hear that you were well. Every line written by your dear hand is sacred, & valued I wish from my heart that you were here this Evening for it has been such a long time since you were with me. I looked for you last Saturday. I thought you would certainly come, & stay all week I did want you to come so much but your letter Explained it all why you could not come then. I am so glad you are coming Saturday if you live I hope the day will be as bright & pleasant as this has been then you will have a nice ride. You can't imagine how much pleasure it gave me to have you say you never doubted my affection for you. it is such a relief to me to know that you safely trust & believe in my love, for I do so entirely give you my heart with all its affection that were athought to enter my mind that you for one moment doubted me I should be very unhappy. Then never think that I do not love you, & nothing but a wish from you can Ever change my devotion, & were you even to wish that I should cease to love or think of you I could not obey you, but would love you to my dying day Even without hope. it is far better suited to my nature to love & remember then to hate, & forget those once dear to me. You must never ask me not to love you for I do firmly beleive that if you should cease to love me & would not want my love that my heart would break, & I would not wish to live without your dear & most precious love for it is the brightest sweetest & best beloved joy of my life to feel sure of your undivided & entire affection. I never want to think that you have Ever loved any one but me nor that you ever will love another while I live. it is my nature to be selfish in my love I can't help it either. try as I may to be more generous I can't that is just the truth. in verytruth I can't bear to think that any one should fill your heart & thoughts but my self. I know no one does for your word is law to me I believe the slightest word you ever utter for I know that you are sincere to me in all things you say or do, & it would be both unkind & cruel of me to doubt, or not to believe you since you have always been so truthful, & frank. Ma, & I rec'd letters from Rennie to day she & her husband were well. Rennie write that she loves him more & more every day of her life. says he is such a good husband. I am truly thankful that they are so happy & they can always be so if they will. Ma got a letter from dear pa Tuesday. we are still lonely without him Rennie wants to know when I am coming to stay with her. I don't know indeed when I can go, bless her heart I must go some time before long. Hamie has come in to intrude upon my quiet with his studies for tomorrow. We had a great time at dinner he wanted to make me read Rennie's letter out to him & I wanted him to read it to himself. for awhile I refusedbut at last I read it  rest Oh! I do want to see you. I can't wait with any patience for  long days to pass away before you can come. it is so long long since you bid me Goodby. I shall be so glad, thankful & happy to have you here again to look at you, & to hear you talk, to see you throw back your dear curly head & shake your foot, but I don't like to see you look grave, & unhappy, for then I think that I have done something to displease you, & that I don't want to do, for I do love to add to your happiness. I never wish to give you one moments pain, or to displease you about any thing. I love you more & more Every day of my life with all my heart, strength, mind & thoughts I love you & you only, & Ever shall It seems that I can't find words enough to tell you how dearly I love you. Come Saturday if you live I long so much for you to come I will show you then how happy I am to have you with me again. I hope God will let you come to one He knows loves you more then her own life. I do hope the fire will be burning brightly this time when you come. I will see that it is warm & sweet for you so you can feel happy & at home. All send love. I enclose love & a kiss to you. God bless you forever. come Saturday. I love you Oh! so fondly Goodnight 