Ella is writing to her Magnus & I will now keep her company by writing to you in reply to your dear & welcome letter of Tuesday. I was glad to hear of your good health, glad to have the pleasure of reading one of your loving, & dear letters again I regretted so much after Magnus came that you did not stay all week I wanted you to stay but you would not. Oh! how much & how long I did miss your dear presence All the world seemed lonely & dark to me after you were goneI thought if you could only come back & stay just a few days longer I would be so glad to have you with me once more, but my earnest wishes were not satisfied for you are still away from the one who loves you above all others. I know it cannot now be helped. Ella has been enjoying her visit home very much, riding eating, visiting, & entertaining visitors. she & myself were at Mrs. Cupp's yesterday at a dining party given to Ella we spent the day very pleasently I wished for you so often for had you been with me I should have been happy. Cap't. Riley his wife, Mrs. Dr. Harris a Mr. Arbergas & several otherswere of the party. had a fine dinner, & music on the piano in the Evening Mr. Arbergas sang some of his sentimental songs which were fashionable before I ever lived. Therefore to me, & other young members present, they were new, but my thoughts were of you, & with you only while listening to the music & all day I thought of my absent Love. We have had company every day since Ella came. Tell Magnus he should have seen his wife on horseback the other Evening she looked elegant, & caught a beau who admired her graceful carriage on horseback very much. Ma rec'd a letterfrom Rennie & David to day They are coming up Saturday if they live. When you wrote me-- Tuesday did you think it was Friday? for you said "you & Magnus were coming down the next day." Ella, & I looked for you. Are you coming Saturday I do wish you would for I am so anxious to see your dear, dear face. Ella will not go home before Monday Then pa will leave for Baltimore. Ada I expect will go with him as far as Gordonsville to visit a cousin, Mrs. Gordon Beale Macon has been having a grand time with his dear grandpa, & Aunts. walked alone last night for the first time in his baby life If Rennie were here now we should feel almost like the happy, & united family that we were in the days which are gone forever. Alas! for lifes changes! we can never, never again be an unbroken home circle in this world. We have been happy with dear Ella & her two 