Your dear, welcome letter of the 19th has been rec'd & read with thankful pleasure. I can scarcely realize that you were here last Sabbath your visit was so short. after you all left I was so lonely that I did not know how to spend the evening pa & myself promenaded the front porch a long while. he seemed to read the lonely feeling at my heart & tried to cheer me. I was very fearful you nor Ella would enjoy the ride as dear Macon was fretful. Ella wrote that she had a very pleasant trip, & that you are one of the best men in the world. said she always admired you but during the drive last Sabbath she found out how truly kind & good you are, & that she likes you more, much more then ever. dear Ella I want her always to love, & admire you because I do. I do hope you can stay longer with me when you come again. I do not enjoy such dream like visits from you who I love so dearly. I was surprised when Hamie told us of Ada's arrival in Staunton. I am so glad she has come as I can now get to Staunton again & be near you what I so much desire. Ada should be here to day & captivate a rich & aristocratic old widower, & first cousin to Gen'l Robert Lee. he came to see pa about some minerals & land down the Valley. got here a few moments after Hamie yesterday evening. You know him I expect Mr. P. Lines from Fairfax county, is an old friend of pa's since pa was a boy. As he wants a wife to take care of him & love him with true & patient devotion in his old days pa told him that he knew a lady who would please his heart (Mrs. M'Fall) I wish you could have seen the old gentleman then. Ma, papa Hamie & myself forgetting to regard his feelings laughed out merrily, & then to see him look at us smiling as nicely as he thought of the happiness ready for him to take in getting another wife. he rode down to Mr. Van Lear's this morning, but we are looking for him back every moment I hope he will go on to Fairfax or up to Lexington & stay with Bob Lee as he calls Gen'l Lee. I would like to send him up for Ada tomorrow. she took a long ride with him the last year of the war. he was here then. Prof. Evans musical Convention begins at Mossy Creek church next Tuesday. I wish you could come & go with me there. Mr. Evans delegates are coming from all quarters to attend the convention. many I hear are to stop in Mt. Solon. I wish I could see you my love to day. I should be so happy & glad if I could see you if only for a few hours. I would like to be in Staunton today then I would feel sure of seeing your dear face this evening, & how happy I would be with you who has all the first true deep devotion of my heart. I live for you, to love you, & to make you happy, & glad hearted all the time. I love to see you so if you could only come in to see me this evening I long to be with you to see your dear face & have you near me. I would not care if you talked or not just so you were here & I could see you. come soon I want you to come Oh so much. I love you more & more each hour of my life. God knows how truly and devotedly I love you. write soon to me. All send love, I send love & a loving kiss to you dearer then all the world to me--God bless you. Come soon