The letter which disappointed me so much on Tuesday, came to day (Thursday) & how pleasantly my heart was relieved of all anxiety. I wrote to you yesterday by Mr. Jerry Hall telling you of my disappointment, & suppose you rec'd the letter, & was surprised to hear that I did not get your letter Tuesday. I have it now & tho' short I thank God for it, as it is from you my love. I would rather get one line written by your dear hand then sheets full from any one else. but I love for you to write me long letters when you have time. This last one I willingly Excuse as you were busy. I can't tell you how many things I imagined which made me just as unhappy as any one ever could be in this life, by not getting your letter Tuesday. I was perfectedly miserable from Tuesday evening, until 10 O'clock to day when your dear letter came & made my heart free from suffering. I love you so that when I do not see you or get letters from you I suffer deeply, & long. The whole world seems dark, & dreary to me, & I cannot find peace & pleasure with any one, or in any way. I find happiness in nothing on Earth when I think I have lost your love & I know by my heartaches then that with you is my only real happiness in this life & do beleive that I could not live if you did not love me. You must not smile & say I just think so now. I do not just think so, for I know that my happiness depends upon you, & that I never truly loved until I loved you, & it is my nature to love you with all my soul my heart, mind & strength & loving you so could I ever be happy, & live without your love? I feel that I could not. May God bless our love for eachother always is my daily prayer. I was so disappointed when I read in your letter that you cannot come Saturday. how can I spend another long week without seeing you my love. It seems that I cannot wait so long for Oh! I do want to see your dear face so much, so much--I am saying truly just as I feel. I do want to see you this week for it is so long since you were here, & then you were with me such a short time, & to be with you is the greatest pleasure of my life--a pleasure I love, & thank God for giving me. My dear pa & Ada have not returned yet. we are looking for them to day. There is a letter here for pa from Gen'l Imboden who is well again. My Editor Mr. Wartman of Harrisonburg is here attending the Musical Convention. his wife just died a few weeks ago. Ella would say he has no heart, I think so myself. I love you with all my heart, Soul, & nature, & will while we both live. I want to see you more then I can write in words Oh I do wish you could come Saturday, if you cannot come (but I hope you will) write to me Tuesday. All send love. I send love & a loving kiss to you. God bless you my love, my heart is only yours