Your dear & truely welcome letter of Tuesday came safely, & now I will answer it having completed my domestic duties for the present hour. I find it a much sweeter duty to write to you then any other when not with you. You don't know how much I was disappointed last Sabbath when Magnus came without you. I told him I was not glad to see him as you could not come. The day seemed long & lonely to me without you my love. I scarcely knew what to do with myself all day it was so lonely. I am so delighted to feel sure of your coming this Saturday I want to see your dear face more then I can tell. Ma & Pa went to Buffalo & will not return if they live until tomorrow evening. Hattie came home this morning. I am glad she is with us once more. The home circle was not complete while our Hattie was absent You can't imagine how Macon has improved since his two weeks sojourn with us. he does not look like the frail delicate flower brought here two weeks past. I agree with you in advising Magnus to let Ella remain here until the last of September, but Ella says she cannot stay. I do wish she could I love to have her with us. Magnus did not tell me how he had disappointed you last Sabbath. I think he reproached himself when he saw how much I was disappointed by you not coming. he told me that you would come if you could get a horse, but said he felt sure you could not hire one as so many had been hired before you. I hope with all my heart that nothing will prevent you from coming this Saturday. I am so anxious to see you to be with one I love more then all on Earth. I do indeed think you are be coming quite fond of gay society. I was pleased to hear you enjoyed the Masquerade it was something novel to you & you could not fail to be interested. I should have loved to be with you but not there. You are in all my thoughts where ever you may be, I love you only & at all times with fervent & unchanging devotion of my heart & Soul. in my heart there is no change toward you it is filled with love & devotion only for you while I live. I do regret that you can't come sooner Saturday. I love to have you with me as long as possible. May God let you come I long to see your dear face again all send love. I send a loving kiss, & all the love of my heart. God bless you my love.