I returned from Mr Ferrors Tusday morning in time to get your dear letter which I read many times over wondering in my heart how you could Ever, Ever doubt my love for you that was truly the first doubt you have had of my affection & could you then have read my heart you would have seen there only the deepest, & truest love for your self & that you were dearer then a whole world of Ferror's could ever be to me. I had no idea of such a doubt in your mind until you spoke of turning back to Mt. Solon, but my heart is glad & willing to say that you are freely & entirely forgiven. how often have I doubted you & how often have you in your goodness of heart forgiven me. I cannot forget it the many times I have been so cruel to you in that way since I have loved you. but I do ask you never to doubt me again my love. You are too dear to my heart for me ever to give you [unclear: one] pain in any way. I do not I cannot love any one but your own dear self. You are the choice of my heart, the dearest of all on Earth to me, & I am happy, & deeply thankful for your precious love I ask for no other love then yours as long as I live, for I do love you with all the deep & unchanging devotion of my heart, & Soul, & ever shall. It seemed to me that I had been to Mr Ferror's a month, & had not seen you all that time. Oh but I do want to see you my love more then I can tell. I am so delighted to think you are coming early Saturday morning. I wish I could see your dear face to day I should be so happy & glad. I can scarcely wait until you do come I am so anxious to be with you I love with my entire nature. I was just looking at the last photograph you gave me it is so much like you. how I did wish it could speak to me & then I felt as if I could not wait until Saturday came before I can see you. May God let you come Saturday to one who loves you more then her own life. I will tell you of my visit at Mr. F's when you come. Come soon in the morning if you live. Oh! I do want to see you with all my heart. The fishing hooks were right Hamie sends thanks to you for them. I love you with true & undying devotion of my heart, & Soul, & will while I live. I love to live only for you, to think of you, & above all I love best to be with you. All send love. I send a loving kiss to you. Come I shall be so happy & thankful to have you with me again. God bless you my love