Hamie brought your last dear & welcome letter safely. It contained the same news of God's Mercy in guiding you on your way home without accident for which I am not forgetful, but I know that My heart is too much filled with thoughts of you to be true to My Father in Heaven. May God moderate My deep affection for you My love is the daily prayer of my life. I am truly y that I gave way to my feelings before you last Saturday night I could not help it then forgive me my love I did not know what to think of your manner towards me I wished while I sit & looked at you that I could read your heart & see love there for me without letting you know that I was grieved at the time. I did not doubt you my love I have said that I would not. I did not & will not doubt your affection for me I felt disappointed & deeply grieved that after an absence of a long week that you who I love more then my own soul should seem so [unclear: indifferent toward] me, but I will not forget in the future that you have much to think over & make you silent regarding business affairs it is so with all gentlemen. I shall not forget that you have your business cares to occupy your time & thoughts. I am selfish to suppose that you have nothing to think of but me. I know that you are my first thought in all things, & at all times. I will yet learn to see & do my duty to you my love at all times when you are silent & thoughtful I love you then as devotedly as if you were gay. It gives me pain to see you troubled & I don't know [unclear: what] [unclear: makes] you so. Ma was not angry when she reached home about Hamie going down with you she was glad to get home again. she told me how handsome you looked Monday night I wish I could have seen you. did your Sister inlaw think you were dressed fanciful. I have given up the hope of spending any time in Staunton this Winter it has been my earnest wish to do so [unclear: that] I might be near you My love but I am I see doomed to be disappointed in that wish of my heart I may get there after Christmas & spend a week or two I do hope so then I can see you every day. I wish you were here to day I do want to see your dear face more then I can tell. I hope you can come up Saturday I do want you to come Magnus expects to come, we are expecting dear papa Saturday. he may come before then. I hope so I love you with all the unchanging devotion of my heart & soul & ever shall while I live. You are the dearest to me of all on Earth    the devotion of my heart & all my thoughts are of you. Come, May God bless you my love. All send love I send a loving kiss Write to me soon I love you only