I have your two dear letters of this week one by Hamie & one by the cars this Evening. I wrote to you yesterday in reply to your letter by Hamie & sent it early this morning hours before the train went down to Mr Myers who said this Evening that he gave the letter to the Mail agent on the cars this Morning. he must have forgotten to leave it in Staunton. I was so much disappointed to hear that you did not get it. I think I shall not trust my letters in that way again but send them to Swoopes Depot & be sure of getting them off safely I was so anxious for you to get my letter that I sent down to the Hotel this evening to inquire of Mr Myers if he sent the letter. he said he did then I thought you had it my love early this morning. I am so glad in my very soul that you are coming Saturday I can scarcely wait two days yet. If I did not get to see your dear face every week I do believe I would die. The thought of seeing you soon during the weeks gives me life & hope. I only wish I could see you every day my love then I would be satisfied & happy any where. It seems so long to me since Sunday night when I bid you Goodby. I would love to see you now indeed I am almost too anxious to wait until you can come please do come if you live I want to see you My love Oh so much. I love you more then all on Earth with a devotion of heart & soul which nothing can change or take from you. My heart & all its affection are yours only, now & always I shall love & think of you as I have never loved any being in this life. Every time I see you I feel that y are the dearest  all on Earth to my heart & life, I feel how necessary you are to my happiness when you are gone & that life to me without you & your love would be dark & desolate indeed. I am so glad dear pa is coming home. Ma is not at all pleased with Mountain Palace. I wrote you a loving letter yesterday I hope you will get it yet before Saturday. I am so anxious for you to come I can scarcely wait I would give any thing to be with you now my love. I do love you more then I can ever fully express I wish I could tell you how dear you are to me. I try but I can't say all or half what I feel for you in my heart & soul. You are my all of happiness & love on Earth. I love to have you here then I am happy & contented to stay if I could only keep you my love. Come my pen, lips, & heart say come. May God bless & let you come & make me glad & happy as none can do but you. All send love. I love you with my whole heart, soul, mind & all my nature. I think only of you. I send a loving Good night kiss to you, & say do come my only love