I have both of your dear letters. The one by Hamie I answered Wednesday but did not get to send it. Thursday Hamie went to the half Station Early some time before the cars came but he could not get to see the mail Agent as the cars did not stop that morning at the Hotel. one of the workman held out his hand for the letter as the one I sent before was so long reaching you Hamie would not give it to him. I knew you would be very much disappointed my love but you were not more so then I was by not getting my letter off. I love to write to you & when you do not get letters from me now it is because I can't get to send them that is the only reason in the world my love. I am so glad you are coming up to morrow if you live. Ma was not angry when she came home. she did not blame you but was glad to be at home again I told her why I wanted Hamie to go with you & she said it was right. You must not mind any thing Ada tells you for I sometimes think she don't know herself what she says. I do wish she would be more considerate & have some regard for your feelings. I don't know what to think of her You must not be troubled at any thing she may say to you. The Magazine & the Ledgers came safely & I thank you My love for those tokens of your thoughtful kindness for me when absent. I do appreciate any favor, or gift in the world from you, if it was only a fragment I would love & keep it because you gave it to me. Have you ever been in the Mountains when the snow was falling thick & fast, so that you could not see any distance before you, covering the Mountains in a shroud of white. imagine how it is with us this Morning at the Palace. I am here by a bright warm fire surrounded without by Mountains & snow. I am here but my thoughts are with you the one dearer to me then all on Earth. I wish I could see you to day if you were here I should be very happy. but that cannot be just yet. I have the cheering & blessed hope of being with you soon my love Tell Magnus we are looking for him tomorrow with you but I expect he will come on the cars. You must not think me selfish for wanting you to come every week. I love you & feel as if I can't be satisfied if I do not see your dear face every week the time seems so long to me when you are away my love. I know you have to travel a lonely road by your self in the night it does trouble me to think of you coming alone & I do wish you could come earlier in the day or have company I am always thinking of your safety & comfort. I love you with all the devotion of my heart & soul & ever shall. you are all the world to me. my only happiness depends upon you. you have all my affection of heart soul & mind. come if you live tomorrow my heart says come & do not disappoint me. May God bless you & let you come. My love to one who loves only you. All send love. I send a loving kiss. Come.