Oh! how glad I was this evening when your dear & welcome letter came. I have been so sad & troubled since Tuesday by not getting a letter from you I was so much disappointed & could not think why you did not write I as usual imagined a thousand things but not once did I imagine the right cause I never thought of John Noon being away. Your dear letter of to day has lifted a heavy burden from my heart. I was sad last night because I had  heard from you but to night I feel like a new creature as I have your letter my love & I know you love me only. I thought yesterday when my heart was grieved with wondering why you did not write what would all the whole world be to me without your precious love. I felt that it would be nothing, only a desolate void which could never fill or satisfy my heart I could never never be happy again if you did not love me. I would rather have your love then all the wide world & all it contains they could not make me happy if you did not love me. I see & feel this to be so every day of my life. I should die if you ceased to love me. I would not care to live without your affections were all mine to have as long as I live. Oh my love it is the daily cry of my heart that I may always have your dear love & always be entirely worthy of it, & I shall always be worthy & keep my self so while I have life. I do hope you can spend the holidays at Mountain Palace with me I shall not enjoy them without you my love but will be lonely & sad if you are a way. I do not wish to disappoint your [unclear: Ma] but I am selfish enough to hope you will not go to Winchester Christmas. I do so want you to be with me my love. Do just as you think is right, but my heart wants you here. I am truly selfish in my affection for you. I confess the truth I am indeed I do not like for you to be with any one but myself. forgive me my love I can't help it I have tried to do so but can't. I am so glad you are coming up next Sabbath if you live I want to see you more then I can tell with my pen. The time always seems so short that you have to spend with me it seems more like a happy & pleasant dream then reality after you are gone. I scarcely see your dear face before you must say "Goodby" & are gone. I wish with all my heart that I could see you now I should be very happy then. We have been expecting pa all week. he has not yet arrived. I hope he will come Saturday. I will send this letter in the morning to Swoope's Depot by Frank the black man then I shall feel sure of you getting it. I love you with all the true & unchanging devotion of both heart & soul & ever shall while I live. Come Sunday if you live. I wish you could come Saturday Evening I could then be with you who I love more than all on Earth one Evening longer. Yes I do indeed love you with all my heart & soul & love you only of all living. I love to be with you & love to think of you when absent come. All send love I send a loving kiss. God bless you & let you come My only love.