I have your welcome & dear letter of Tuesday which I have read with thankful happines. I missed you so much last Sabbath my love. I expect Ada & John Noon thought me unsociable I felt lonely in heart & Soul & could not talk much to them. The day tho a holy one seemed long to me without you who I love to be with. Yes my dear pa has been called away again & left us alone in the Mountains for how long I know not We are doubly lonely when he is absent. he wanted me to go with him as far as Gordonsville, but I thought of you my love & Ma was not willing for me to leave home. Cousin Gordon Beale wrote that he was coming over to spend his Christmas with us if he comes I have thought of going home with him after the holidays I would rather be at home Christmas & have you here then any where on Earth. I want you to come my love & stay all week then you can hunt with Ham & cousin Gordon. You must come I am going to remain at home just to have the dear pleasure of being with you who I love more then all others. papa will be at home if he lives & we shall have a happy time. You will come will you not my love I am so anxious for you to spend your Christmas with us if you live I shall be very happy with you here & do all I can to make you happy. My love you do not know how anxious I am for papa to move from this lonely place. I suppose we shall know where we will locate when he returns from Baltimore I hope he will go to Staunton. Pa expects to send Hamie to school very soon it may be to New York. Ada writes that she is not going to wait any longer then Spring before she is married. Tell her I am surprised to hear it as I did not know she was really loving any one at this time. I wish I could see you my love it seems long since you were here last. I am sorry you [unclear: cannot] come Saturday evening it will be so long until Sunday Morning & then you will have such a little while to stay cant you stay with us Sunday night? I wish you could my love & I do hope from my heart that we will soon live near so I can see you often. I love to be with you who I love with all the deep devotion of my heart & soul. I love you more & more every day of my life & ever shall while I live with faithful devotion. You are dearer to my heart & memory then all on Earth. Yes I do indeed love you only & love to think of you when absent & read your dear welcome letters. Come Sunday my heart says come I want to see you more then I can tell & love you more then I can ever express in words. All send love. I send a loving kiss to you. God bless you & let you come my only love.