I know you did not expect a letter from me by the train yesterday as you know I could not send it to the Depot in time to be mailed. Your dear & welcome letter of Tuesday came safely. I was so glad to hear from you my love that you were well. You can imagine how delightful was our surprise last evening when the passenger train stoped just above the house & papa steped from the car I was looking out the window when the cars stoped & wondered who was coming here but I knew pa as soon as I saw him leave the car. Mr. John Ferror was here when pa arrived & eat supper with us. papa was so anxious to see us all at home that he did not stop in Staunton. I am so glad he is with us again. has many interesting things to tell us of his long stay in New York City. he says Mountain Palace looks strange to him. Ma & Hamie had not been at home but a little time before pa came. I wish you were here too my love then I should be very happy. I am so glad you are coming Saturday if you live. I want to see you so much. You must forgive & forget all my teasing last Sabbath I have been so sorry about it. I will do so no more. I love you too devotedly to wound your feelings in even a jest I would not for the whole world do or say any thing to pain you my love. It is one of the greatest desires of my heart to always please you in all things, & in every way you wish me, it makes me very happy to please you who I love more dearly then all on Earth for you are more to me then all the wide world one to whom I have given my heart & all its true & unchanging devotion of thought & affection. No one on Earth can take them from you my love you have my affection secure in your keeping & have since I first loved you. I have loved you only with a faithful & devoted love with no change in my heart only to love you more & more every day of my life, & to make you happy is the great desire I live for. I am happy my love in loving you as I do with all my heart & soul. I do love you with a devotion which nothing but death can ever take away from you No woman has ever loved more truly & entirely then I love you. Come Saturday if you live I want to see you more then I can tell. I love to have you here with me. I am perfectly contented then. All send love. pa sends his love to you. he likes you. I love you with all my heart & soul & ever shall while I live. Come Saturday May God bless & let you come to the one who loves you best I send a loving kiss to you my only love.