I was delighted to get your letter of March 8th I really thought I should answer it right away, but I have been suffering a great dial lately from Neuralgia, & my eyes pain me when I write at night. But I am determined another week shall not pass, and find your dear letter unanswered. So although it is Monday, & I act in the capacity of Bridget, while my girl is Washing I will sit down and write until time to get dinner for the farm hands. When I rec[unclear: ']d yours, I had just mailed a letter to Sarah in which I sent some messages to you, little dreaming I should so soon receive the letter I had looked for so long and vainly. I am so glad you are so happy and very thankful that you have given your heart to the blessed Savior, and with your husband have professed Him before the world. I know by happy experience what an increase of joy and peace, religion has brought to your wedded hearts I pray that you both may prove "bright and shining lights" in this world of darkness, sin & sorrow. I had the pleasure of seeing Stiles a few weeks since at Uncle Jed's. He had changed so much in the years since I had seen him, I could scarcely recognize the handsome mischievous, baby pet, in the tall boy before me. I wondered if he wasn't homesick, for he said he wanted to see them all at home right badly. I had a very cool reception from our Aunt, and have concluded not to give her the oppurtunity to treat me so, soon, again. May just came to me for permission to take her doll and walk on the lawn. So I put on her little hood, & red cloak and she kissed me "bye". She will be three years old the 14th inst. She grows rapidly, & becomes daily more interesting as her mind develops. She is a world of comfort to her Pa & me. I received a letter from Ma last week, and she says sister Emma, (Mrs. Geo. P. Holman) has a beautiful little daughter! How I would like to see Emma and her bridling! She has an excellent husband, and a lovely home Our family were all well, and still delighted with the climate, soil, scenery, &c, of Oregon, and especially with the celebrated Willameth Valley, where they live. I am very anxious for brighter skies natural, financial, and political. Are not you? By the way, is "Mayor Ellyson" your husband's father? I was very much interested in the correspondence between Gov. Walker & Canby, in which reference is made to Mayor Henry Ellyson, & wondered if he and your fatherinlaw were not the same. Do you know that Nannie was in Richmond last week? Yes; she was there from Thursday eve.g until Saturday morning. It rained Friday and she didn't get anywhere except to Capitol Square. She stopped at the Exchange. About a month ago she went to Salem, Roanoke Co. to visit a school-mate, and while there, here uncle William was appointed a delegate to the Valley Rail Road meeting in Baltimore, & wrote to her to meet him in Charlottesville, & he would take her on with him. She did so, and they spent one week in Baltimore. There she heard Carlotta Patti sing, and Ritter the great Pianist, played. She was quite carried away with the concert From Balt imore they went to Washington, where they spent two days, visiting all the public buildings. Georgetown, Arlington, & Mt. Vernon. Went by water to Richmond. Nannie was so sorry she did not know your address, for she was anxious to see you. She enjoyed her trip mightily, and declares she has been half around the world! She came home last Saturday eve,g, and we certainly were glad to see her. She is well, and sends a great deal of love. Do you ever see Maggie Eidson, alias, Mrs. Pete Wilson? I hope when I visit Richmond I may see both of my old scholars, Lora and Maggie. I have stopped to get dinner for the hands, and "snack" for Frank, and now as I have a chance to send this to Churchville, I must close. Give my love to your Ma & Pa when you write, and all the family. I do not feel as if your husband were exactly a stranger, and shall therefore follow the promptings of my heart, & ask you to present him with my kindest regards. Will you not write very soon? I do want to hear from you often. Goodbye