
“Lordy, Lordy, Marse Doctor,' interposed
my mammy tragically, “he ain't no boy-chile.
It's a po' 11'! gal-chile.”
“ik Wali OF Woe 1Nnaese
ribable went up from all
around. i :
«
“Come 'long to yo' mammy, honey. She ain't
ewine to 'sert you ef you is a gal-chile, po' lil
Jamb! You caw't he'p yo' calamity no mo' dan
we-all kin. Mammy knows hit's terrible. Tin
yo' pa, he gwine cuss eb'y last nigger on de
plantation 'bout hit. I wonder what dey gwine
name you, for Tommy ain't no gal's name. Dey
ean't call you atter none er yo' gran'pas now,
nuther. I suttinly is sorry, but dar ain't nuttin' so bad dat hit couldn't be wusser, en you mout-
er been twins—gal twins! Po' li'l thing! Den
I know you'd hyer ole Bringer bark.” (Ole
Bringer was the “ha'nt dog.”) “Lordy! Lordy!
I wonder who gwine tell yo' pa. I reckon de
Doctor better bre'k hit to him, kase de preacher
is gone souf to cure his th'oat. Dar, dar, honey,
mammy's most th'oo. She gwine drap some
warm. catnip tea down go' th'oat now. Dar, dar,
go sleepityby!”'
“Marse Dae, please, suh, fergib us all, but—-
de boy is a gal.”
"keerful of de ruts en de jolts; not to go to
sleep nor to step 'pon dat chile, en don't you
drap her out; ef you do she'll ha'nt you as long
as you lib."
"Lordy, Mistis, can't you give de ole man a
settin' of dem aigs. Wez-all's ole domernicker is
jest gwine to settin'."
"Ain't she got nare rabbit foot, Mistis?"S
4
double-barrel) gur
emma 8 BP t
wuz gwine lipperty-clip, lipperty-clip, 'cross de
briahs over Liza-Malindy's grave. Liza-Ma-
lindy, you know, was my fifth wife. I wish hit
had been runnin' 'eross one er de men-folkses'
graves en dat I had kilt hit of a Friday night
'stead of a Chuesday. Den co'se, dar'd a been
a heap mo' luck in hit. But hit's de best I kin
do now for de po' li'] thing en hit's a heap better
rown
rood
'Dis po' li'l chile can't he'p itse'f en I gwine
to sabe it anyhow fum bein' guleched down dat
quicksandy debil's th'oat, ef de yuthers won't
be sabed."
"Please, Marm, Mistis, lemme carry de set-
tin'-aig-basket in to Mammy Dilsey,"' pleaded
Pery, the driver, who had taken great pride in
giving me my first ride and covering me
over with his cherished honeysuckle blossoms.
"Mammy's gwine to be so s'prised she'll want
to knock me down. En I's gwine to look solemn
en mousterious en hand her de basket en say,
''Tain't no use er yo' settin' dese yer aigs,
Mammy Dilsey, for dey's already done en
hatched out!' I know now jes' what she's gwine
answer back. She gwine say, 'Don't you come
hyer wid none 0' go' projickin', you pizen-fry-
in'-size-limb-er-Satan, you. Ef you does Ill
smack you slab-sided into de middle of next
winter! Den I gwine say, 'Well, look for go'-
se'f, Mammy Dilsey,' "
"Aigs? Dey's honeysuckles en _ flowers.
Dat nigga's tryin' to fool me!"
"Land sakes!" cried Mammy Dilsey. 'Fo'
God!—Fo' God! Well, you-all sho' ought to be
ridic'lous at yo'se'fs—a humblementin' a po'l'] he'pless baby en insecatin' her lak dis! Did
you-all have no pillows nor no laps to fotch de
po' li] lamb home 'pon widout puttin' her in a
settin'-aig-basket? How you-all know dat some
misforchunement ain't gwine to come 'count er
projickin'? wid her lak dat? De chile mout
erow, or she mout cackle, or she mout take
her arms for wings en flop 'em, or she mout
peck, or eat wu'ms, or walk wid her toes stuck
in'ards. She eben mout have fedders. De
Lord's ways is mousterious. He don't do nut-
tin' out of de reg'lar Hisse'f, en you-all is
done sumpn not only out of de reg'lar but
onnatural, a puttin' a baby in a settin'-aig-
basket. De po' lil thing eries, too, lak 'twas
starved to deaf. I s'pose Miss Lizzie didn't
have no milk en maybe dat was de reason you
foteh it long back wid you so dat Sis Sereny
could nuss her; her twinzes bein' most de same
age."
"Lord! Lord! Is dat we-all's li'l missis?"
asked Uncle Charles, taking off his hat, pulling
his forelock and scraping his foot as reveren-
tially to me as if I had been a little princess. "Is
dat Miss Lizzie's chile? Niggers, you-al] hyer
dat? Take off your hats en bow en cutchy,
ebby last one er you, for dis is yo' Miss Lizzie's
chile en mistisses' gran'chile, de young missis
dat de Lord is done en sont down to earth for
us to take a intrus' in, to work for, en to teach
manners to, en to send to school. Come along
now, let us all knee] down en 'semble ourse'fs
in praher en concentrate our li'] missis to de
bressed Lord; all 'cept'n' Sis Sereny; she's
holdin' de li'l missis, so she kin set. -
h, Lord, de Father of de fatherless, d
letteth not a sparrow fall to de groun' widout
Dy knowledge en counts de very hairs upon
dar heads; disremember dis Dy he'pless chile, who has been fotech to us dis day th'oo
trials en triberlations in a settin'-aig-basket. 1
beseech De, oh Lord, to watch over her, clothe
her in raiment en vestures en feed her on manna
en lead her i'l foots into de straight en narrer
paths to de glory of Dy righteousness. Harken
up her voice to sing Dy praises en lift up her
han's to do Dy wu'k en keep her in Dy holy
keepiw'. Ob, Lord, bress dis our li']l baby for
de sake of Dy own en Miss Mary's h'l baby,
lV] Marse Jesus, amen."
"Git up fum off yo' knees now, niggers, en
go 'long en tend to yo' business, You-all got
dem dar eows to git up en milk, en de hogs is
to be fed, en de hawsses to be curried, en you,
Sis Sereny, you better wrop de baby up now
en carry her along to de Gre't House, en Sis
Dilsey, you better look after things. Ole-
Granny-Aggie, you better git to bed." «|
"Don't put dat chile in dat eradle! What
you thinkin' 'bout? Marse Jasper's twin doneen die in dat eradle, en all de rabbits' foots in
de worl' ain't gwine charm away de ha'nts en
keep off de ebil eye ef you puts her in dat cradle
to sleep. Put dem dar ]i'] toys all back ag'in
en tek de cradle back to de garret en pull outn
de trunnel bed. De cat's been a tryin' to steal
hit for hern, en cats does p'int de way. You
sho' is tryin' to see how much triberlation en
bad luck you kin foteh down 'pon dis chile's
haid, fotchin' her home of a Friday in de small
of de moon in a settin'-aig-basket, mekin' her
drink her first drink fum a stranger's eup in a
stranger's house wid undrinkin' strangers a
lookin' on while she unbeknown to it all is a
drinkin'. l's glad I flung de dish-water on de
dog—-a howlin' jest as Uncle Charles was a
prayin', en you-all know what a howlin' dog
means."
  "jedgment day
ain't agwine to be no mo' tur'ble to 'sperience
dan de burnin' of we-all's county-town by dem
furrin Britishers was, en de niggers en de white
folks ain't agwine to be no skeerder den, nee-
der."
        "de ma'shes
en de river for miles looked and soun' lak one
gre't blazin'-kindle-lighted sheet er steadified
thunder and lightnin'—de magazines a 'splod-
in'—de timbers a cracklin'—de barrels of tar,
pitch en turkentine a bustin' en splungin' out
dar fire—de sparks a flyin' en a lippin' lak de
whole fundament had busted wide open en all
de stars in de Heabens was a drappin' out, en
ev ybody runnin' lipperty-clip lak dey thunk de
Debil was a movin' de Bad Place down to Nanse-prise on learning that a little ne
dic
respectable.
"Well, I sposin' it's all right, but de l'l gal
don't b'long to de quality, en how de Pitts come
to membership in de silk-stockin' Chu'ch is be-
yonst me."
"ack lak a sister-in-law to her, as you can't ack.
lak a sho' 'nough bloodified sister."
"WVlong, honey, and play wid yo' new French
ehany set. I done talk to myself 'twel I got
a mis'ry in my haid."
"So you hyer me, ole Missus, you
better stop she and l'l Missus mingulatin' wid
one anudder." 
  "Ef you kyan't be happy den be happy
as you kin be,"
"Dem blin' en deef chu'ch visitors of we-alls
—I don' mean no disrespect to dar reflictions—
but dey's spilin' dat l'l Sara 'Lizbef. You
knows, dey 'lowed dat gal to play on de spinet
of a Sunday mornin's?—En dance chunes, at
dat? En dat ain't all; dey 'sputes so wif dey-
se'fs over her dat it's scan'lous, en dar ain't no
gittin' along wid 'em."
"T knowed dat chile was gwine to be pestered
seein' sperits, but, Mistis, dar p'intedly ain't no
occasion of yo 'couragin' her in it lak you is,"
'Tell her she need not 'toker'
off her stent to-day, but just take care of you."
"we was all niggers onee. Dar wa'n't no white
folks at all, 'twel one day de Lord was tekin'
a interview of His wu'ks to see ef dey was
good, when He tuk notus dat we-all didn't 'pre-
ciate what Ie'd done for us, so He mekt up His
ulind to come down to de earf en test our lub
en gratichude en faif in His holy word en 'vide
de sheeps fum de goats. He put on His patum
leather boots en beaver hat en tuck His
gold-headed cane en come 'long down de golden
stairs en th'oo de golden gate, down de golden
lane to whar de road forked to come to de ye'th.
"Twas de springtime of de yeah en de whole
face of de ye'th was a bloomin' en a buddin'.
De paschers was all green en bescattered wid
buttereups en clover blossoms en de cattles on
a tousan' plains was a grazin' on 'em. De
birds was all a singin' chunes, de roses a bud-
din' en de violets en Johnny-quils en hyercinfs
a bloomin', de trees was all white-washed en
kivered wid leaves, de grape-wines was a per-
fumin' up de air, en de orchards was pink en
white en green all over. De hens was all a
cacklin', en de chickens en ducks en goslin's all
a hatehin'. All de ole sheeps had Ii'] lambs en
some of 'em had two, en all de cows was givin'
three gallons to de pail.
"De Lord was s'prized hisse'f at de glorifica-
tion of His handywu'k. He bowed His haid in
humble somilichude, en was jest gwine to pray,
when He heard sump'n go kerchunk-kerchunk.
He drapped His eyes en, Jo! dar was a mud-
tuckle mekin' for a pond of muddy water. He
looked at de tuckle en He looked at de pond. Den He tuk some yeast powders en flung 'em in
de pond. Dat 'sturbed de waters, en dey riz en
bubbled, riz en bubbled, 'twel dey was as cl'ar
as eryslum. Den He blessed de pond en named
it de Pool of 'Thesda.
"He went 'long den to de co'tehouse, for 'twuz
co'te day en He knowed dem niggers was gwine
to be dar ef dey could git dar. En dey was,
sho' 'nough. 'Co'se de niggers didn' know de
Lord was dar, en ef dey had He was inwisible
en dey couldn't see "Im nohow. But de Lord
could see dem, dough, en dey was behavin'
scan'lous. Some of 'em was magestricks en
constubles en auctioneers; some was swiggin'
cider en drams en 'simmon beer. Some was
racin' hosses en fightin' chickens or playin'
games or whittlin' sticks or swoppin' knives or
eatin' hoss-cakes en watermillions. Some was
'sputin' en quarlin' en foughtin' en some was
sittin' on dar ham-bones gossickin' "bout one
nuther.
"De Lord's heart suttin'ly was troubled. He
spuk out in a loud woice en tole 'em to go to
de Pool of 'Thesda en bave darse'fs. Now dem
niggers knowed ebby inch of dat groun' en dey
knowed dar wan't no Pool of 'Thesda dar; but
dem dat lubbed en serbed de Lord en feared
His holy name didn' queschify 'bout de pool.
Dey went as fars' as dey could en baved darse'fsen dey come out jest as white as ef dey had been
libin' in town all dar libes en wearin' sun-
bonnets. Dar lub en faif had washed away dar
brack skins en mekt 'em white as de blood of de
lamb.
"When dey went back to de co'tehouse de
yuthers wanted to git obedient den, too, so dey
tuck off en run to de pon'. De supples' en de
swif'es dey got dar firs' en come out mos' as
white as dat firs' passel, sep'n dar eyes en dar
hyar en dar eye-brows stayed brack.
"De Chinesers en Injuns en Italyuns en
yuther furriners dey sticked dar haids in firs'
en unkinked dar hyar, en dey come out 'twix'
a brindle en a brown. But dem dar lazy nig-
gers dat didn' lub de Lord stayed at de co'te-
house drinkin' drams en projickin' en cussin'
en cyarin' on 'twel 'twas jJamby sundown, den
(ley jest amble darse'fs, sa'nterin' 'long lak dey
had de whole day befo' 'em—a singin' chunes
en a chawin' terbacker en smokin' dar pipes,
en when dey reached de pon' dar wan' no pon'
dar. It had all dried up.
"Dey suttinly was one s'prized passel of
niggers, for dey'd allus called demse'fs de ram-
bunkshunners en dey couldn't b'lieve dar eyes.
Ebby now en den dey come 'cross a ]i'] moisch
place yer en a li'l moisch place dar en dey'd
run en pat it wid de palms of dar han's en
de soles of dar foots, en dat's all de white
dar is 'bout a nigger fum dat day to dis—
jest de palms of dar han's en de soles of dar
foots."
"My ole woman she sho' kin talk lak a readin'
book, en she ain't one er dem kin' dat licks de
lasses offn yo' bread en den calls you nigger.
Needer do she bek de bread en give you de crus',
nor eat de meat en give you de hus'. She gives
you de white meat ebby time. En she never
follows de jay-bird's trade, needer, a earryin'
news, en dress—she allus dresses sincerely."
"not to 'eourage dat ole
doctor in de imitation of de Lord's handy wu'ks,
fer he was a back-slider en a robber, en den
ag'in don't de Lord say, 'Dou shalt not mek
any graven image or lakness of anyt'ing dat is
in de heaven above or dat is in de earf beneaf
or dat is in de water under de earf, en dat
means yo' teef jest de same as ef de good Lord
had specified teef en said, 'Charles 'Rastus
Thessalonians, yo' teef is a graven image,' en
ain't yo' teef under de earf beneaf?"'
"No," said Uncle Charles, "He would' say
dat kase my teet's is in my mouf."
"Lor, Marse Dae," he said, "I lives so close to
de things dat God made in de woods en on de
water dat I kin scent de bad: fum de good ev'y
time."
"Yes, chillun," he would say, "yo' Uncle Jack,
my ancestor, was hired out to de oldes' college in de United States, William en Mary,
named atter Marse William en Miss Mary from London who give 'em de groun' to build de col-
lege on, en de town what 'twas built in was de
capital in dem days en was de oldes' corporal
town in ole Virginny. De firs' newspaper, too,
was printed dar. Yo' Uncle Jack had charge of
all de books at de college en dey says ev'y time
he'd dus' de books dat Marse Robert Dinsmore
give to de college he'd stop en read de adbertise-
ment writ on 'em, 'Ubi Libertas Ibi Patria,' en
say to hisse'f, 'I wonder why on earf Marse
Robert Dinsmore want to separate dat po'
couple for, when he was rich en could a bought
Libi en Pat bofe hisse'f 'stead a orderin' de
yuther man to buy Libi en sayin' he was gwine
Lorbny Pai
"Jest so, Marser, jest so wid de horgs," said
Uncle Jack. "You know, suh, I's often stood en
watched 'em rootin' 'mongst de leaves in de
woods en findin' as many acorns as dey could
pos'bly eat en stuff en I ain't never yet seed
one of dem horgs look up to de tree fum whar
de acorns drapped."
"*Seuse me, Marse Gen'ul Jackson, but dese
yer drams ain't got no impunities in 'em, suh.
Nor, suh. Braxton done en mek 'em out'n we-
all's ve'y best old London Dock brandy out'n
one 0' we-all's cobweb bottles."

well. As for poor me—all I can do is to make
love

"Vas, sui; dey is 'mense 'case dey's freshwater tarepin; salt water ones is littler. I gits
ober en above a couple er ninepences apiece fer
em, en I sells 'em up in Richmon' ter Mr. Mon-
tero, de gambler gemman. You mus' 'scuse me,
Marsa, fer answerin' you in retail."

"Yas, suh, Marsa; I spec' dat's so. En, suh,
ef I had dat pail er water in hell I could git a
inillion er dollars fer it."
"Dat hawss? W'y, Marsa, hawsses allers
longs ter de men-folks, so cou'se dat hawss
belongs ter Marse George."
"De woman-folks allers owns de cows, so
cou'se dey's Miss Sally's cows."
"Dey's woman's t'ings, too, en cou'se dey's
Miss Sally's."
"Dey's jest only mules en dey don' hab no
owners. Dey don' b'long ter nobody 'specially,
en don' nobody want 'em 'specially cep'n fer ter
wwk. Dey's dif'unt fum udder prop'ty; dey
ain' one ting ner de udder."
"Vas, George," said the old man, "of course
there is a reason for it, it's jest this way with
them tarepins; I've allers noticed they are different. I've been catchin' tarepins off an' onall my hfe an' I've allers seen 'em that way.
Some's streaked an' some's eriss-crossed an'
some's plain an' some has diamon's on 'em an'
that's jest the reason. They's jest made that
way."
"T done studied 'bout dis 'heritance a heap, en
I says to myse'f, 'Well, I gwine to give dis 'herit-
ance to Miss Sally, kase she Marse George's wife
en Marse George he is de oldest chile.' Den
1 says, 'No, dat ain't ret; I gwine to give it to
Miss Lizzy, kase she Marse Charlie's wife en
Marse Charlie is de youngest chile" Den I says,
'No, I gwine let de wifes 'cide fer darse'fs which
ewine to have de *heritance, en I gwine to give
it to de one dat treats de ole man de best.'
"So de Sunday atter dey moved down I goes
'rouw to Miss Lizzy's house en she axes me
'Howdy? en axes me how Aunt Lindy, my ole
'oman, sagashuates. Den she say, 'Uncle Tom,
won't you hab a toddy?) En I say, 'Yas'm, Miss
Lizzy, thanky, ma'm; ole nigger allus raidy for
atoddy. Den she mek me a gre't big nice toddy
en fetehes it out to me herse'f. Den she say,
'Uncle Tom, don't you want sump'n to eat?' I
say, 'Yas'm, de ole man allus hongry' Den
she fetches me out a pilin' plate of vitals. Den
I say, 'Dat's Miss Lizzy's 'heritance, sho' !'
"De nex' Sunday I goes ter Miss Sally's house,
en she axes me 'Howdy?' too, jest as 'spee'ful as
ef I wuz de king, en den she axes me how my
ole 'oman is, too, en I tells her. Den she say,
'Uncle Tom, don't you want a dram?' 'Yas'm,' I
says, 'Miss Sally, de ole man allus wants a
dram.' Den she say, 'Well, g'long back dar to de
sideboa'd en he'p yo'se'f. Dar's de canter of ole
apple jack en ole London doek; you jest go he'p
yo'se'f, Uncle Tom.' Den when T comes 'long
back she say, 'Uncle Tom, did you he'p yo'se'f
plentful?'? J] say, 'Yas'm, de ole man allus does
dat.' Den she say, 'Ain't you hongry?' I say,
'Yas'm, de ole man's allus hongry.' Den she
say, 'Well, Uncle Tom, you must 'scuse me, but I
fergot to ax you 'bout bein' hongry, so g'long
back to de dinin' room en he'p yo'se'f; dar's
plenty er col' ham en fried chicken en pickle
oyschers en 'zerbs en tings. I's waitin' for de
hunters to come in 'fo' I puts 'em away, so
g long back en he'p yo'se'f.' 'Name of God, I
say, 'Marse George's wife's gwine to git dis
hyer 'heritance, atter all." Yas, dat 'heritance is
Miss Sally's, sho'."
"Tlowly Fathers! an' sure an' phwat's to become of me widout the baby an' leastwise,
phwat's as bad an' worse, phwat's to become of
the baby widont me?"
"Oh, the mother of ye that ye are, sure—being afther planning to have one of these black,
howling, writhing craythurs nursing of the boy,
the dirty, twisting bastes! It's meself that's
afther the temptin' of Providence to be a risking of me own grown-up life among such hay-
thens, a singin' words widout any meanin', the
saints save us!"
