
Sir: Your communication of this instant has been received. I have
to state in reply that I do not acknowledge the right of the Hudson's
Bay Company o dictate my course of action. I am here by virtue of
an order from my government, and shall remain till recalled by the same
authority.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
George E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth United States Infantry, Commanding.
Mr. Charles J. Griffin,
Agent Hudson's Bay Company,
San Juan Island, W. T.
Military Post,
San Juan, W. T., August 3, 10 p.m.

Captain: I have the honor to report the following circumstances:
The British ships the Tribune, the Plumper, the Satellite are lying herein a menacing attitude. I have been warned off by the Hudson's Bay
agent; then a summons was sent to me to appear before a Mr. DeCour-
cey, an oflficial of her Britannic Majesty. To-day I received the in-
closed communications, and I also inclose my answer to same.
I had to deal with three captains, and I thought it better to take the
brunt of it. They have a force so much superior to mine that it will be
merely a mouthful for them; still I have informed them that I am here
by order of my commanding general, and will maintain my position if
possible.
They wish to have a conjoint occupation of the island; I decline
anything of that kind. They can, if they choose, land at almost any
point on the island, and I can not prevent them. I have used the utmost
courtesy and delicacy in my intercourse and, if it is possible, please in-
form me at such an early hour as t prevent a collision. The utmost I
could expect to-day was to suspend any proceeding till they have time to
digett a fill which I gave them. They wish to throw the onus on me,
because I refuse to allow them to land an equal force, and each of us
to have military occupation, thereby wiping out both civil authorities.
I say I can not do so until I hear from the general.
I have endeavored to impress them with the idea that my authority
comes directly through you from Washington.
The Pleiades left this morning for San Francisco with Colonel
Hawkins.
The excitement in Victoria and here is tremendous. I suppose
some five hundred people have visited us. I have had to use a great
deal of my feace-tnakinff disposition in order to restrain some of the
sovereigns.
Please excuse this hasty and, I am afraid, almost unintelligible letter,
but the steamer is waiting, and I have been writing under the most un-
favorable circumstances. I must add that they seem to doubt the au-
thority of the general commanding, and do not wish to acknowledge his
right to occupy this island, which they say is in dispute, unless the
United States government has decided the question with Great Britain.
I have so far staved them off by saying that the two governments have
undoubtedly settled this affair, but this state of affairs can not last,
and therefore I most respectfully ask that an express be sent me immedi-
ately for my future guidance. I do not think there are any moments to
waste. In order to maintain our dignity we must occupy in force, or al-
low them to land an equal force, which they can do now, and possibly
will do in spite of my diplomacy.
I have the honor to inclose all the correspondence which has taken
place. Hoping that my course of action will meet with the approval of
the general commanding, and that I may hear from him in regard to my
future course at once, I remain. Captain, your obedient servant,
G. E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.
Captain A. Pleasanton,
Mounted Dragoons, Adjutant-General,
Department of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, W. T.
Her Majesty's Ship Tribune,
Griffin Bay, Island of San Juan, August 3, 1859.

Sir: Having received instructions from his Excellency Governor
Douglas to communicate with you in reference to the landing of the
United States troops under your command on the island of San Juan, I
have the honor to propose a meeting should take place between yourself
and any other officers of the United States military forces on the one
part, and captains of her Majesty's ships on the other (on board her
Majesty's ship Tribune), at any hour that may be convenient to you,
that we may, if possible, conclude such arrangements as will tend to
preserve harmony between the subjects of the two states in this island.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
Geoffrey Phipps Hornby,
Captain Pickett, Captain.
Commanding Detachment United States Troops,
Island of San Juan.
Military Post,
San Juan, W. T., August 3, 1859.

Sir: Your communication of this instant, favored by Lieutenant
Dunlop, has been received. I have the honor to say, in reply, that I
shall most cheerfully meet you, in my camp, at whatever hour you
may choose to designate. Be assured that my wish corresponds with
yours to preserve harmony between our respective governments.
I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
George E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth United States Infantry, Commanding.
Captain Phipps Hornby,
Commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Tribune,
Harbor of San Juan, W. T.Her Majesty's Ship Tribune,
Griffin Bay, Island of San Juan, August 3, 1859.

Sir: In reply to your letter of this morning, I have to inform you
that I shall do mysel" the honor of calling on you at 2 p. m., in company
with the captains of her Britannic Majesty's ships.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
G. Phipps Hornby,
Captain Pickett, Captain.
Commanding Detachment of United States Troops,
Island of San Juan.
Her Majesty's Ship Tribune,
San Juan Island, August 3, 1859

Sir: In accordance with your request for a written communication,
I have the honor to transmit the substance of the declarations and propo-
sitions made by me to you to-day.
Having drawn your attention to the extract of a despatch from Mr.
Marcy, Secretary of State, to his Excellency, Governor Stevens, dated
July 14, 1855, prescribing the conduct that should be pursued by the
officers of the United States in respect of the disputed grounds, I asked
if that was the tenor of your present instructions, or if the relations of
the two states had been placed on other than a friendly footing by any of
a more recent date.
To this you replied by referring to the date of the despatch.
I then asked you, in the name of Governor Douglas, the terms on
which you had occupied the island of San Juan; to which you replied
that you did so by order of the "general commanding," to protect it
as a part of the United States territory, and that you believed he acted
under orders from the government at Washington.
I then presented to you the Governor's protest against any such oc-
cupation or claim. I represented to you that the fact of occupying a
disputed island by a military force necessitated a similar action on our
part; that again involved the imminent risk of a collision between the
forces, there being a magistrate of each nation now acting on the island,
either of whom might call on those of their country for aid.
To prevent the chance of such collision, I suggested that a joint mili-
tary occupation might take place, and continue until replies could be re-
ceived from our respective governments; and, during such times, that the
commanding officers of the forces should control and adjudicate between
their respective countrymen, the magistrates being withdrawn on both
^ides, or the action of their courts suspended for the time being, theit
employment not being necessary under a joint military occupation.
I suggested this course as apparently the only one left (short of en-
tire evacuation by the troops under your command) likely to produce the
object so much to be desired, viz., the prevention of a collision between
the forces or authorities of the two countries, landed or in the harbor
of San Juan, an event which must lead to still more disastrous results,
by permanently estranging the friendly relations subsisting between
Great Britain and the United States of America.
You replied that you had not authority to conclude such terms, but
suggested the reference of them to General Harney and Governor
Douglas, without interference in any way with our liberty of action.
I pointed out that my proposition was strictly in accordance with
the principles laid down in Mr. Marcy's despatch, and that yours, on
the other hand, offered no security against the occurrence of some im-
mediate evil.
That, as officers of the United States had committed an act of ag-
gression by landing an armed force on this island pending the settle-
ment of our respective claims to its sovereignty, without warning to us,
and without giving to you a discretionary power of making any neces-
sary arrangements, the United States and its officers alone must bo
responsible for any consequences that might result, either immediate or
future.
I agreed to your request to furnish you with the substance of the
conversation in writing, and concluded by informing you that, having
now made what seemed to me a most equitable and simple proposition,
I reserved to myself, in the event of your non-acceptance of it, entire
liberty of action either for the protection of British subjects and prop-
erty, or of our claims to the sovereignty of the island, until they are set-
tled by the Northwestern Boundary Commission, now existing, or by
the respective governments.
I believe I have now given you the substance of our conversation,
and have only to add my regret that you were not able to agree to a
course which it appears to me would totally avoid the risk of a col-
lision.
The responsibility of any such catastrophe does not, I feel, rest on
me or on her Majesty's representative at Vancouver's Island.
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient, humble servant,
Geoffrey Phipps Hornby,
Captain George Pickett, Captain and Senior Officer.
Commanding Detachment of United States Ninth Regiment.Military Post,
Island of San Juan, W. T., August 3, 11 p.m.

Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communi-
cation of this date, in reference to the conversation which was held to-
day between ourselves and Captains Prevost and Richards. Your recol-
lection of said conversation seems to be very accurate. There is one
point, however, which I dwelt upon particularly, and which I must en-
deavor, as the officer representing my government, to impress upon you,
viz. : That, as a matter of course, I, being here under orders from my
government, can not allow any joint occupation until so ordered by my
commanding general; and that any attempt to make any such occupation
as you have proposed, before I can communicate with General Harney,
will be bringing on a collision which can be avoided by awaiting this
issue. I do not for one moment imagine that there will any difficulty
occur on this island which will render a military interference necessary;
and I therefore deem it proper to state that I think no discredit can re-
flect upon us, or our respective flags, by remaining in our present posi-
tions until we have an opportunity of hearing from those higher in
authority.
I hope, most sincerely, sir, you will reflect on this, and hope you
coay coincide with me in my conclusion. Should you see fit to act
Otherwise, you will then be the person who will bring on a most disas-
trous difficulty, and not the United States officials.
I have thus hurriedly answered your communication in order to
avoid any delay and its consequences.
I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,
George E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post,
Captain G. Phipps Hornby,
Commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Tribune,
Harbor of San Juan, Washington Territory.
Headquarters Department of Oregon,
Fort Vancouver, W. T., August 6, 1859.

Sir: I have the honor to inform you that, in obedience to orders
received from the Headquarters of Department of Oregon, I have to-day
relieved Captain Hunt, and assumed command of this post.
In accordance with orders emanating from the same source, I here-
with inclose an extract from my letter of instructions.
With every desire that the cordial understanding existing between
you and Captain Hunt shall continue to be maintained between our-
selves, I am, sir, your most humble servant,
G. E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post.
Captain G. Bazalgette,
Royal Marines, her British Majesty's Troops.

Headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division,
Second Corps, May — , 1862.
Captain: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 5th
instant my brigade was on the march from our bivouac in rear of the
Old College of Williamsburg. About eight o'clock I received an order
from Major-General Longstreet to countermarch and follow in rear of
General Wilcox's brigade.
My brigade. Captain Bearing's battery leading, was halted near the
Old College, and then ordered to move toward the redoubts in front of
the town to the point where the " King's Mill " branches from the main
road.
In accordance with directions I informed Brigadier-General Ander-
son of my presence. Within two hundred yards of the point designated
I found that the ground immediately in advance was exactly in range of
the enemy's fire. I at once sent forward my aide. Lieutenant Pickett, to
Fort Magruder to notify General Anderson of our position. He directed
me to remain in my position, as he did not then need assistance.
Half an hour later I received an order from General Anderson to
bring on my brigade as soon as possible. Hearing a sharp firing in the
point of woods in front, and not knowing the ground to be suitable for
the maneuvering of artillery, I ordered Captain Bearing to halt until I
should ascertain where he would be needed.
On my way to the skirt of woods I met General Stuart, who pointed
out the best route. In a few moments I reported to General Anderson.
Learning from him that the battery in Fort Magruder had suffered
severely, I, with his approval, sent back an order to Captain Bearing to
take a section of his battery to its relief. The order was promptly ex-
ecuted.
General Anderson directed me to take my brigade into the woods to
the right of the point at which General Wilcox had first entered, and
where General Hill with his brigade had also gone in to his assistance.
The object was to extend well to the right and, if possible, turn the left
flank of the enemy. I had scarcely filed in with the Eighth Virginia
when I was recalled. I gave the necessary directions to Lieutenant-
Colonel Berkeley commanding the Eighth, and upon reaching the edge
of the woods was ordered to move the other three regiments to the front
where our forces were hotly engaged. Thus the Eighth was separated
from its brigade during the action. The Eighteenth, followed by the Nineteenth and Twenty-eighth, re-
lieved a portion of Wilcox's brigade, which had suffered severely. We
drove back the enemy in front to a very strong position of felled trees
forming a perfect abatis. Here I placed the Eighteenth, Lieutenant-
Colonel Carrington, in line, and the Nineteenth, Colonel Strange, on its
left. As the ground on the left of this regiment was occupied by the
Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Mote, and the Seventeenth
Virginia, Colonel Corse, I placed the Twenty-eighth slightly in rear as
a reserve for the Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
From the movements of the enemy at this time I judged that they
were very strongly reinforced. They advanced to within thirty or forty
yards of our position, cheering and opening a most severe, well-directed
and determined fire along the front of the Eighteenth and the right of the
Nineteenth, which regiments maintained their ground, returning the fire
with most telling effect. This deadly work was kept up half an hour
without cessation or giving way on either side. Then, from the renewed
cheering and the clear ringing of their guns, I think the enemy was again
reinforced.
Fearing that our men were wasting their ammunition, I consulted
with Lieutenant-Colonel Carrington and, finding that he had no field-of-
ficer, told him to use his utmost endeavors on the right of his regiment
to prevent his men from throwing away a shot, while I would personally
superintend the execution of the order on the left, and pass it on to the
Nineteenth. While endeavoring to do so, much to my surprise I found
the whole line from right to left abandoning our dearly bought position
and falling back through the woods. Some one, it appears, had passed
down an order from the right of the line to fall back. I let them know
at once that this was false, that no such order had been given, and none
should be given by me. In a few minutes, with the valuable assistance
of Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt and my aides. Lieutenants Baird and
Pickett, they were stopped in time to prevent a great disaster. They
moved forward to their place, all coming up gallantly with a cheer.
The Twenty-eighth relieved the Eighteenth, its ammunition being
low, and Lieutenant-Colonel Carrington fell to the rear a sufficient dis-
tance partially to refill his cartridge-boxes from the knapsacks of the
enemy's dead. I sent a courier to the major-general commanding to in-
form him that we were in want of ammunition.
I met the gallant and lamented Colonel Irby with four companies of
the Eighth Alabama Regiment of General Pryor's brigade, who reported
lo me for duty. I directed him to move slightly to the right of where
.the Eighteenth had been. He rushed on eagerly at the head of his men, and coming close on to a party of the enemy, was about to fire, when
they called out, "We are friends; don't fire!" at the same time holding
up their hands. While partially turning to caution his men not to fire,
the brave colonel, with many of his men, was killed by a volley poured
in by the accomplished cowards. When the fire was returned at such
short range they fled in mad haste. I ordered Colonel Irby's body to
be immediately carried from the field.
About this time reinforcements came up from Colston's and Pryor's-
brigades. Upon consultation with Generals Hill and Pryor, a general
charge along the whole line was determined on^ and I moved to the right
to look after the Eighth Regiment. At the moment of the charge the
enemy on the right, who had been silent for some time, appeared again
in numbers, but were gallantly repulsed and driven from the field by the
Eighth Regiment of my brigade, and the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment
of Pryor's brigade. The Nineteenth, supported by the Eighteenth, cap-
tured a battery and a number of prisoners.
By order of General Wilcox the Twenty-eighth advanced at a charge
over an open space in front of the captured battery under a heavy fire,
still driving the enemy before them. Colonel Allen, of the Eighteenth,
was for a few moments in the hands of the enemy, but was rescued
by his own presence of mind and the timely assistance of some of
his men.
Shortly after this I reported in person to the major-general com-
manding, and received instructions from him about bringing off our
wounded and retiring after dark. These instructions I communicated
to all the brigadier-generals except General Pryor, whom I failed to find
because of the darkness and smoke. I dispatched messengers, however,
to notify him.
The gallantry and energy exhibited by both officers and men can not
be too highly commended. After difficult night marches, through
drenching rains, with but scanty rations, they met enemies well fed, su-
perior in numbers, better armed, better equipped, and well posted, and
drove them a mile during the engagement. I take pleasure in stating to
the major-general commanding that their confidence in their own abil-
ity and their cause is redoubled since this action.
The ground in front of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth was literally
covered with dead. The color-bearer of the Eighteenth (Sergeant Solon
A. Boston) was shot down while gallantly waving the standard in front
of the regiment, leading it to the charge.
I can not close without expressing my appreciation of the prompt-
ness of the regimental commanders and Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt ia
carrying out orders and the ability they evinced in conducting their
regiments when separated from me.
I take pleasure in calling attention to the efficient service rendered to
my own brigade, as well as to others, by the gallant Captain Manning,
aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding. To my personal staff,
CatDtain Croxton and Lieutenants Baird and Pickett, I am much indebted
for the continuous and arduous duties they performed under a most
galling fire. Having been sent with an order, Captain Croxton was with
General Pryor and Lieutenant-Colonel Berkeley, of the Eighth, during
the early part of the engagement. These gentlemen speak of the great
assistance which he rendered them. I respectfully call the attention of
the major-general commanding to those specially mentioned by their
colonels in regimental reports.
I must also mention the dastardly subterfuges of an enemy professing
to be civilized, such as raising a white flag and pretending to surrender
in order to stop our fire, to allow their reinforcements to come up and
enable them to pour in deadly volleys upon an honorable and too un-
suspicious foe.
Our loss was severe: Officers killed, two; enlisted men killed,
twenty-four; officers wounded, nine; enlisted men wounded, one hundred
and twenty-nine; officers missing, one; enlisted men missing, twenty-five.
Total killed, wounded and missing, one hundred and ninety. The brigade
entered the action with fifteen hundred and twenty-nine muskets. Ac-
compan3'ing is a full list of casualties.
I am. Captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

Sir: On the afternoon of May 31, 1862, just as the battle of Seven
Pines was being opened by Major-General Longstreet, I was directed
by that officer to move with my brigade to the York Railroad bridge,
cover the same, repel any advance of the enemy up that road, and hold
myself in readiness to move to the support of our advance, if needed.
About 9 P.M. I received orders from General Longstreet to march my
brigade at daylight and report to Major-General D. H. Hill, at or near
Seven Pines. I moved accordingly, and found General Hill at General
Casey's late headquarters, just in rear of the enemy's redoubt.
My brigade had marched on some four hundred yards in advance of
this point when it was there halted. General Hilldirected me to ride over
to the railroad and communicate with Brigadier-General Hood, whose
right was resting on that road. I asked General Hill where the enemy
were. He said they were some distance in advance; I had no definite
idea where, as I saw none, and had not time to examine the position or
the nature of the ground.
With two of my staff-ofiicers, Captains Pickett and Archer, I pro-
ceeded through the undergrowth and thickets toward the railroad some
four hundred yards, when I was met by a part of the Louisiana Zouaves
(who had evidently been on a plundering expedition), rusning past me at
a most headlong speed. I seized on one fellow who was riding a mule
with a halter, and detained him for explanation. He said the enemy-
were within a few yards of us, and entreatea me to lei him save himself.
I immediately rode back with him at a gallop, and as briefly as pos-
sible informed General Hill of the circumstances. He ordered me to at-
tack, and I supposed the same order was given to the other brigade com-
manders. I rejoined my brigade at once and, by a change of front for-
ward, put it in line of battle nearly perpendicular to the railroad and
advanced, Armistead on my left, Pryor and Wilcox (the latter I did not
see, but heard he was there) on my right. Within a short distance we struck the enemy, who opened heavily
on us, drove him through an abatis, over a cross-road leading to the rail-
road, and was advancing over a second abatis when I discovered that
Armistead's brigade had broken, and were leaving the field pell-mell.
At this moment I was on foot and half-way across the abatis, the men
moving on beautifully and carrying everything before them. I could
scarcely credit my own eyes on witnessing this misfortune on my left. I
immediately rode to that part of the field and found nothing between me
and the railroad except the gallant Armistead himself with a regimental
color and some thirty persons, mostly officers.
I saw our danger at once, and despatched a courier to General Hill
asking for more troops to cover the vacuum. Receiving no reply, and
the enemy pressing forward in force, brigade after brigade, and threat-
ening my left flank, I threw back the left wing of the Nineteenth Virginia,
the left regiment, so as to oppose a front to them, despatched a staff-
officer to General Hill with a request for troops, and after awhile sent a
second despatch, similarly worded.
As a matter of course, from having been the attacking party, I now had
to act on the defensive. Fortunately, the enemy seemed determined on
attacking and carrying my front and driving me out of the abatis, which
our men succeeded in preventing, though with considerable loss.
About this time I learned that Pryor's brigade was being withdrawn
from my right. I had, in the meantime, sent all my staff and couriers
back to General Hill, the last message being that if he would send more
troops and some ammunition to me we would drive the enemy across the
Chickahominy. I have alzvays believed this would have been done but
for the misfortune which happened to our general on the previous even-
ing. Had he not been wounded, but on the field with us, the result would
have been entirely different.
I do not mean to cast any blame on the brave and heroic Hill, for
after the fall of the master-spirit there seemed to be no head, and Hill,
I know, was bothered and annoyed with countermanding orders. No
assistance, no demonstration was given or made from the other sids of
the railroad, A most perfect apathy seemed to prevail. Not a gun
zuas fired, and I subsequently learned from Brigadier-General Hood
that he saw the enemy pouring his forces across the railroad, not
more than six or eight hundred yards in his front, and concentrating
their attack on me, and that one piece of artillery placed in the rail-
road cut would have stopped this and drawn their attention to his front.
But he said he had instructions to make no movement, but to zvait for
orders. A forward movement then by the left wing of our army would have struck the enemy in flank and at any rate have stopped their con-
centration.
At this perilous juncture, hearing nothing from General Hill, I rode
as rapidly as possible to him, and explained as laconically as I could the
position of affairs. He asked me if I could not withdraw my brigade. I
said yes, but I did not wish to do so; that I would leave all my wounded,
lose many more men, and that the enemy would pour down on the dis-
organized mass, as he himself termed the troops about him. He then
sent two regiments of Colston's, which Captain Pickett put in position
on my left, and asked me to take Mahone's brigade and put it on my
right, which was done, Mahone becoming hotly engaged a few moments
after getting in position.
I had ordered my men, as far as possible, to reserve their fire.
From that circumstance, I suppose, and from the fact that the enemy
had become aware of the small force actually opposed to them, a brigade
debouched from the piece of woods in my front and moved steadily toward
my left flank. They came up to within short range, when their com-
mander, seeing his men about to commence firing, stopped them and
called out, "What troops are those?" Some of our men shouted, " Vir-
jrijn'atts! " He then cried out, "Don't fire! — they'll surrender; we'll
capture all these Virginians!" Scarcely were the words uttered
when the Nineteenth and the left of the Eighteenth rose in the abatis and
poured a withering volley into them, killing their commanding ofiicer,
and literally mowing down their ranks. Just then Colston's regiments
came up on the left and Mahone on the right. The enemy retreated to
their bosky cover and their fire immediately slackened. No other at-
tempt was made by them to advance, and about i p.m. (I judge), by
General HilVs order, I withdrew the zvhole of our front line, Pryor
and Wilcox and some other troops I do not remember being in position
some four hundred yards in our rear. We withdrew in perfect order.
Not a gun was fired at us, and we brought off all our wounded.
This was the conclusion of the battle of Seven Pines. No shot was
fired afterward. Our troops occupied the same ground that evening,
June I, and that night which they had held on the previous night. Gen-
eral Mahone and his brigade occupied the redoubt, and our line of pick-
ets was thrown out well in advance. I know this of my own personal
knowledge, for General Hill sent for me about one o'clock at night or,
rather, morning of June 2, and I went to the redoubt in search of him,
and still further on toward our picket-line.
General Hill gave me special orders to cover the withdrawal of the
troops with my brigade, which, by the way, proved a much easier task than I had anticipated. I had formed my line of battle, two regiments,
on each side of the road, some little distance in rear of the redoubt.
Half an hour after sunrise the whole of our force had filed past. I then
leisurely moved off, not an enemy in sight, nor even a puff of smoke.
My brigade consisted of the Eighth Virginia, Lieutenant-Colonel
Berkeley; Eighteenth, Colonel Withers; Nineteenth, Colonel Strange;
Twenty-eighth, Colonel Walter. Aggregate, seventeen hundred. Loss
three hundred and fifty killed and wounded. No prisoners.
Very respectfully,
(Signed) G, E. Pickett,
To General Jos. E. Johnston. Brigadier-General.

I am crossing the river to-day, guarding some four thousand prison-
ers back to Winchester, where I shall take command and try to recruit
my spirit-crushed, wearied, cut-up people. It is just two months this
morning since I parted from you, and yet the disappointments and
sorrows that have been crowded into the interval make the time seem
years instead. My grand old division, which was so full of faith and
courage then, is now almost extinguished. But one field-officer in the
whole command escaped in that terrible third of July slaughter, and
alas ! alas ! for the men who fearlessly followed their lead on to certain
death.
We were ordered to take a height. We took it, but under the most
withering fire that I, even in my dreams, could ever have conceived of,
and I have seen many battles. Alas ! alas ! no support came, and my
poor fellows who had gotten in were overpowered. Your uncle. Colo-
nel Phillips, behaved most gallantly — was wounded, but not seriously.
Your cousins. Captain Cralle and C. C. Phillips, are among the missing.
But for you, I should greatly have preferred to answer reveille on the
fourth of July with the poor fellows over there, and how I escaped it is
a miracle; how any of us survived is marvelous, unless it was by prayer. '
My heart is very, very sad, and it seems almost sacrilegious to think
of happiness at such a time, but let my need of your sweet womanly
sympathy and comfort in these sad hours plead extenuation, and be pre-
pared, I beseech you, at a moment's notice to obey the summons that
will make you my wife.

The short but terrible campaign is over, and we are again on this
side of the Blue Ridge. Would that we had never crossed the Potomac,
or that the splendid army which we had on our arrival in Pennsylvania
had not been fought in detail. If the charge made by my gallant Vir-
ginians on the fatal third of July had been supported, or even if my other
two brigades, Jenkins and Corse, had been with me, we would now, I
believe, have been in Washington, and the war practically over. God
in his wisdom has willed otherwise, and I fear there will be many more
blood-drenched fields and broken hearts before the end does come.
I wrote to you on Wednesday by Colonel Harrison, who went to Rich-
mond via Luray. I came on with my division, occupying both gaps of Front
Royal, Manassas and Chester, where we had a brilliant skirmish with
the enemy. For three days and nights I have been almost constantly in
the saddle. Last night, the zzd, I had a tent pitched, and sat down to a
meal at a camp-table, the first time since leaving Bunker Hill. We had
been going ' ' al fresco. ' ' When we did sleep it was with the heavens
for a canopy and a fence-rail for a pillow. We shall be here three or
four days, perhaps longer.
I thank the great and good God that he has spared me to come back
and claim your promise, and I pray your womanly assistance in helping
me to its immediate fulfilment. This is no time for ceremonies.
The future is all uncertain, and it is impossible for me to call a moment
my own. Again, with all the graves I have left behind me, and with all the wretchedness and misery this fated campaign has made, we would
not wish anything but a very silent, very quiet wedding, planning only
the sacrament and blessing of the church, and, after that, back to my
division and to the blessing of those few of them who, by God's miracle,
were left.
I gave Colonel Harrison a gold luck-piece which was a parting gift to
me from the officers of the Pacific, and told him to have it made into a
wedding-ring at Tyler's. I asked him to have engraved within "G. E. P.
and S. C. Married , " and to leave sufficient space for date and
motto, which you would direct.

Headquarters Department 07 North Carolina,
February 15, 1864.
General: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with in-
structions received from General Lee, under date of January 20, 1864,
the expedition left Kinston, as follows:
On the morning of the 30th ultimo General Barton, with his own
brigade and that of Kemper, three regiments of Ransom's, eight rifled
pieces, six Napoleons, and six hundred cavalry, started to cross the Trent
and take the works in front of Newbern, in reverse, and prevent the
enemy from being reinforced by land or water. Later in the day I sent
off the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Virginia, with three pieces of artillery,
Whitford's regiment, and three hundred cavalry, to report to Colonel
Bearing on the north side of the Neuse River. He was to have attacked,
if practicable, Fort Anderson, Barrington's. Commander Wood, of the
navy, with his boat party, left on the 31st ultimo, and I, with Hoke's bri-
gade, three regiments of Corse's and two of Clingman's brigades, five
rifled pieces, five Napoleons, and thirty cavalry, started on the evening
of the 30th ultimo.
The attack was to have been made simultaneously by the different
parties on Monday morning. Barton, with his cavalry, was to cut the
railroad and cross Brice's Creek, taking the forts on the bank of the
Nease, and pass across the railroad bridge. If he succeeded only in the
first step he would effectually cut off reinforcements. Bearing, by taking Fort Anderson, would have a direct fire upon the town, and an
enfilading fire upon the works in front of it. Commander Wood, having
received the gunboats, would co-operate, and I, with the party under my
command, would create a diversion, draw off the enemy and, if the
chance offered, enter the town.
Accordingly, on Monday morning, at one o'clock, I pushed forward
General Hoke. He was met at Bachelor's Creek, nine miles from New-
bern, by a strong force of the enemy, who were evidently surprised. The
night being dark, and the enemy being posted in a strong position after
having destroyed the bridge, it was impracticable for General Hoke to
force a passage till after daylight. This he did in most gallant style.
At this, time the enemy, reinforcing heavily by railroad, and trying
to rake our lines with the guns on the steam ironclads, attempted to
turn my right flank. I threw Corse forward to drive them in, which he
did handsomely, and Clingman, with his two regiments, followed General
Hoke. After effecting the crossing, the enemy were hotly pursued, but
as we had no cavalry, and our men were much worn by the long night's
march, and had not been allowed fires, we were unable to press our ad-
vantage as we would have done had there been fresh troops on hand. In
fact, it was three o'clock before General Corse could come to the cross-
ing of the Neuse road with the railroad, some two and a half miles from
the town. There was unfortunately no co-operation, the other parties
having failed to attack, and I found we were making the fight single-
handed.
Commander Wood went down the Neuse on the night of the 31st,
with his party, but did not find the gunboats. Dearing found Fort
Anderson too strong to attack. Barton's cavalry failed to cut the rail-
road and telegraph at Morehead City. This was afterwards done by
General Martin, but no communication of the fact was received from
General Barton till some time after we moved back. General Barton
sent a message to me by courier, on Tuesday morning, saying he found
the work laid out for him impracticable. This not being satisfactory
to me, I sent Captain Bright, my aide-de-camp, across the Trent to com-
municate with him in person. This was accomplished by Captain Bright
at a great risk. General Barton stated to him that he had been entirely
misinformed as to the strength of the place. He pronounced the works
too strong to take, saying that he had made no advance and did not
intend to, and that he had twice sent out his cavalry to cut the railroad,
and they had returned without accomplishing it.
Captain Bright then, by my direction, ordered him to join me. Gen-
eral Barton said he would try to cross at Pollocksville, but would be unable to do it that night (the 2d). He expressed some doubt as lo whether
he could cross at that point. Should he fail there he would be com-
pelled to go much higher up the river. Thus the earliest possible mo-
ment at which he could have joined me would have been on the evening
of the 3d instant. This would have delayed my attack until the 4th.
General Barton afterwards informed me that he could, positively, have
done nothing on his side of the river.
General Barton had orders from me, in case he found it impracti-
cable to perform his part of the work, which was the most important, to
cross at once to me, and let me try a "coup de maht. " I could, how-
ever, hear nothing from him for some time, and when I did, it was
through the unsatisfactory note I have mentioned.
On the night of the ist instant. Commander Wood gallantly at-
tacked and took the six-gun steamer Underwriter, but was compelled to
burn her, thus losing her invaluable service. The enemy having had
ample time to reinforce, both by water and land, and the whole plan by
which the place was to be reduced having failed, I deemed it prudent,
after consulting with my officers, to withdraw, which we did at our
leisure.
The result may be summed up as follows, viz. : Killed and wounded,
about one hundred; captured, thirteen officers, two hundred and eighty-
four privates (fourteen colored), two rifled pieces and caissons, three
kundred stand of small arms, four ambulances, three wagons, two hun-
dred animals, a quantity of clothing and garrison equipage, and two
flags. Commander Wood, Confederate States navy, captured and de-
stroyed United States gunboat Underwriter. Our loss about forty-
five killed and wounded. A correct list will be forwarded.
I found the ground in my front swept by half a dozen forts, one of
them mounting seven rifled guns, with which they fired at pleasure over
and into our line of battle. Had I had a whole force in hand, I have
little doubt that we could have gone in easily, taking the place by sur-
prise. I would not advise a movement against Newbern or Washington
again until the ironclads are done.
In the meantime, having received despatches that the enemy were in
force at Suffolk and advancing on Blackwater, I deemed it prudent to
send General CHngman back to Petersburg.
I have as yet received no written report from General Barton, but
from the light which I have, am of the opinion that he should have ad-
vanced at the same time that I did. Had he done so, the enemy being
fully employed by me, he would probably have carried out this part of the
plan. I am informed that there was no infantry on that side of the river. The present operations I was afraid of from the first, as there were
too many contingencies. I should have wished more concentration, bat
still hope the effect produced by the expedition may prove beneficial.
I am. General, very respectfully,
G. E. Pickett,
General S. Cooper, Major-General Commanding.
Major-General Commanding,
Assistant Inspector-General,
Richmond, Va.


Colonel : I have the honor to report that on the 29th of March, a tele-
gram from headquarters of the Army of Northern Virginia was received at
my headquarters at Swift Creek, ordering me to proceed with two brigades
at that point (Corse's and Terry's), to cross the Appomattox and take the
cars on the South-side Railroad for Sutherland's Station, Stuart's brigade,
then in position in front of Petersburg, to join me en route. Hunton 's bri-
gade was at this time on the north side of the James. Accordingly the col-
umn was put in motion, the three brigades reaching Sutherland's about
nine o'clock in the evening. Shortly afterward came an order from
Lieutenant-General Anderson, to come on to the White Oak road and
take position on the right of Major-General Bushrod Johnson's division.
This was done by daybreak, through a drenching rain, the three bri-
gades extending some distance up the road. The commander-in-chief,
about twelve in the day, ordered me to move on with my three brigades,
and two brigades under command of Brigadier-General M. Ransom (his
own and Wallace's), and a battery of artillery under Colonel Pegram, to
the Five Forks. Here Major-General Fitz Lee was with his division of
cavalry, and Major-Generals W. H. F. Lee and Rosser were to join him with their divisions. The march was necessarily slow, on account
of the continual skirmishing, front and ilank, with the Federal cavalry.
They at one time charged in on the wagon-train, but were repulsed by
Ransom. In front we had to drive them out of the way nearly the whole
distance until we joined Fitz Lee at the Five Forks about sunset. I
learned then that part of the ordnance-train had been turned back, it
was said, by orders from the commander-in-chief. General Ransom had
his ordnance-wagons, and on these we had to depend for supplying the
whole command in the engagements which followed. I was about to
push on toward Dinwiddie Court-house, when, upon consultation with
General Fitz Lee (the other cavalry not having joined him, and it being
nearly dark, and the men much in need of rest from an almost con-
tinuous march of eighteen hours), I determined to throw out merely a
couple of brigades, on the Court-house road, so as to keep the enemy at
a respectful distance during the night. This was done. Corse and Terry
advancing some three-quarters of a mile, driving the Federal cavalry,
who, however, being dismounted and armed with the repeating rifle,
made a vigorous fight. It rained throughout the night, and up to about
twelve the next day. General Fitz Lee's scouts and guides could not
ascertain exactly the opposing strength, but, from the prisoners taken
up to this time, I knew we had no infantry in our front. "We discovered
at daylight, that the enemy were quite strongly posted in a good position
on the Court-house road. The rest of the cavalry having gotten up about
ten o'clock in the morning, I determined to push on along a road still
further to the right, cross the stream higher up with General W. H. F.
Lee's and Rosser's cavalry, and the infantry, leaving Fitz Lee's division
to come up the direct road toward the Court-house, as we advanced on
the right. The rain had greatly swollen the streams, which was the
chief reason for the delay of the cavalry. General W. H. F. Lee, with
his division, very gallantly charged over the creek, but the enemy were
too strong to be repulsed. The infantry, consequently, were not able to
cross at that point and (the stream not being fordable) were compelled to
draw back. I pushed the infantry across lower down, Terry's brigade
leading. Colonel Mayo with the Third Virginia in advance. This regi-
ment suffered a good deal, but the men gallantly dashed over the creek
and swamp, killing and capturing, after a sharp engagement, about a
hundred. Our whole force then moved on. Our adversary, meanwhile
strongly reinforced, made a determined resistance, and it was dark when
we arrived vathin half a mile of the Court-house. W. H. F. Lee's cav-
alry had crossed at the same point and Fitz Lee's division had come up
on the left.This engagement was quite a spirited one, the men and officers be-
having most admirably. Our loss was principally confined to W. H. F.
Lee's cavalry and Terry's and Corse's brigades, among them many valu-
able officers. The Federals suffered heavy loss; half an hour more of
daylight and we would have reached the Court-house. As it was, some
prisoners were taken belonging to the Fifth Corps (Warren's)
The fact being thus developed that our opponents were reintorcing
with infantry, and knowing the whole of Sheridan's and Kautz's cavalry
were in our front, I was induced to fall back at daylight in the morning
to the Five Forks, which I was directed' by telegram from the com-
mander-in-chief to hold, so as to protect the road to Ford's Depot.
This movement was made in perfect order, bringing off all our wounded
and burying all our dead. The enemy was, however, pressing upon our
rear in force. I had all trains parked in rear of Hatcher's Run and
would have preferred that position, but from the telegram referred to, I
supposed the commanding general intended sending up reinforcements.
I had, in the meantime, reported by telegram, and informed the general
commanding of the state of affairs, that the enemy was trying to get in
between the main army and my command, and asking that diversion be
made or I should be isolated. This evidently was intended, as Hunton's
brigade did come up to Sutherland's, but not till after dark. The best
arrangements were made of which the nature of the ground admitted;
W. H. F. Lee's cavalry on the right, then Corse, Terry, Stuart, Ran-
som and Wallace. General Fitz Lee was ordered to cover the ground
between Wallace's left and the creek, with his cavalry dismounted. The
Federals pushed up steadily from the Courtrhouse and commenced ex-
tending to our left. General Ransom moved still further to the left, and I
extended Stuart's brigade so as to cover his ground. General Ran-
som sent word to me that the cavalry were not in position. General
Fitz Lee was again ordered to cover the ground at once, and I supposed
it had been done, when suddenly the enemy in heavy infantry column
appeared on our left front, and the attack which had, up to that time,
been confined principally to our front toward the Court-house now be-
came general. Charge after charge was repulsed; but the Federals still
kept pouring up division after division, and pressing round our left.
General Ransom, perceiving this, took his brigade from behind his tem-
porary breastworks and boldly charged the heavy column, effecting
great havoc and temporarily checking its movement. His horse was
killed, he falling under him, and his assistant adjutant-general, the
brave but unfortunate Captain Gee, was killed. The few cavalry,
however, which had taken position, gave way, and the assailants came pouring in on Wallace's left, causing his men to fall back. Pegram had
been mortally wounded, the captain of the battery killed, and many of
the men killed and wounded. I succeeded, nevertheless, in getting a
sergeant, with men enough for one piece, put in position on the left,
and fired some eight rounds into the head of the Federal column, when
the axle broke, disabling the piece. I almost immediately withdrew
Terry's brigade from its position, and threw it on the left flank,
charging over Wallace's men and forcing them back to their position.
Even then, with all the odds against us, we might have held till night,
which was fast approaching, but the ammunition was rapidly failing.
Colonel Floweree's regiment, after their cartridges were expended,
fought hand to hand, but it was of no avail, and, although the Federal
dead lay in heaps, we were obliged to give way, our left being com-
pletely turned. Wallace's brigade again broke, though some of its offi-
cers behaved most gallantly and used their utmost exertions to reform
it, but in vain! Everything assumed the appearance of a panic, when,
by dint of great personal exertion on the part of my staff, together with
the general officers and their staff-officers, we compelled a rally and
stand on Corse's brigade, which was still in perfect order and had
repelled, as had W. H. F. Lee's cavalry, every assault.
One of the most brilliant cavalry engagements of the war took place
on this part of the field, near Mrs. Gilliam's residence. Here the Fed-
eral cavalry made a most determined attack in heavy force, but were in
turn charged by General W. H. F. Lee, and completely driven off the
field. This, with the firm stand made by Corse's men, and those that
could be rallied at this point, enabled many to escape capture. Thus
the shades of the evening closed on the bloody field. Had the cavalry
on the left done as well as that on the right, the day would probably
have been ours; as it was, it was most stubbornly contested against great
odds. The whole of Sheridan's cavalry joined with Kautz's, the Second
Corps and part of the Sixth, were attacking us. I learned a few days
afterward, from a general of division in Warren's corps, that it was
nineteen thousand strong, making the whole force probably thirty-five
thousand, while we had not more than six thousand engaged. Our
loss in killed and wounded was very severe, and many were captured.
Colonel Mumford, commanding General Fitz Lee's division, was quite
active, and lent great assistance personally. During the evening, a
large portion of the command having been assembled on the railroad,
I proceeded with them toward Exeter Mills, intending to cross the Ap-
pomattox at that point, and rejoin the main army. While at that point
I received orders, by a staff-officer, to report to Lieutenant-General R. H. Anderson at Sutherland's. At daylight the following morning I
started to comply with the order, but had not proceeded far when I found
the road strewn with unarmed stragglers from Wilcox's and Heth's
divisions, who informed me that the lines in front of Petersburg had been
forced. I decided immediately to follow up the river and join General
Anderson, who, I learned, had gone in that direction, striking for Amelia
Court-house. I omitted to mention that most of Ransom's brigade had
crossed the river at Exeter Mills. I reported to General Anderson on
the same day, and that night Hunton's brigade reported. They had also
been in a heavy fight and had suffered severely, though they had acted
with their usual good conduct.
From this point up to the battle of Sailor's Run (a report of which
I forwarded through General Anderson) there is nothing of any moment
to relate except occasional skirmishing and continual marching night and
day, with scarcely any rations. The second day after the battle referred
to, not being able to find General Anderson's headquarters, I reported
to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, and continued to receive orders from
him until the army was paroled and dispersed. Early on the morning of
the surrender, when the Federals made an advance from toward Ap-
pomattox Court-house, Lieutenant-General Longstreet sent to General
Heth a staff-officer (Captain Dunn) with orders to move up at once
with his division. I had the remnant of my division, some eight hun-
dred aggregate, drawn up on Heth's left, and informed Captain Dunn of
the fact, and that we would move with Heth; this he authorized, and
afterwards informed me of General Longstreet 's approval. The order
to advance was, however, shortly afterward countermanded. I mention
this fact merely to show that, even at the last, what few men of the old
division were left were willing and ready to do their utmost to maintain
the name they had so nobly won for heroism during four years of a bloody
and terrible war, in which Virginia's sons had poured out (as a sacrifice
for a liberty unfortunately not to be gained) the best blood of the proud
old State.
It is needless in this my last report of Pickett's division, to recall
to the commander-in-chief, the trials, hardships and battles through
which they have passed. Baptized in war at Bull Run and the First
Manassas, under Lieutenant-General Longstreet 's instruction, they con-
tinued to follow the lessons first taught them, oii their various marches;
in the lines about Yorktown; at the glorious battle of Williamsburg, when
they, with Wilson's Alabama brigade, withstood the advance of the whole
of McClellan's Grand Army, and absolutely drove it back; at the
Seven Pines, when they were so highly complimented by General Jos. E. Johnston; and at Gaines's Mill, Frazier's Farm, Second Manassas,
Boonsboro, Sharpsburg, Gettysburg, and the engagements about the
lines in front of Bermuda Hundred, Fort Harrison, etc., which came
under the personal observation of the commander-in-chief. The writ-
ten and spoken acknowledgments of their worth from him have been
gratefully appreciated by them.
There having been no brigade or regimental reports handed in, it is
impossible to state the casualties which have occurred in the last cam-
paign. I must not conclude without mentioning the gallantry and un-
tiring zeal in the cause exhibited by the brigade commanders, Generals
Corse, Hunton, Terry, and StUart, and their valuable stall-officers, some
of whom were killed and others wounded (General Terry's aide-de-
camp, Lieutenant Harris, was killed, and Captain Fitzhugh, Genera!
Hunton 's assistant adjutant-general, wounded, and Captain Brya.u,
General Terry's assistant adjutant-general, wounded); and of the offi-
cers of my staff, Majors Pickett and Harrison, adjutant and inspectors-
general ; Major Horace Jones, commissary of subsistence ; Major R.
Taylor Scott, quartermaster; Chief Surgeon M. M. Lewis; Captains
Baird, Symington, and Bright, aide-de-camps; Captain Cochrane, ord-
nance officer. In connection with this department (ordnance) I must
not forget to mention the name, for ability and efficiency, of Captain S.
G. Leitch, who had charge of it for three years; in fact, up to a short
time before the campaign commenced.
To the commanding officers of regiments my thanks and those of our
State are due for their maintenance of discipline in their regiments, their
continual and unswerving confidence in the cause, and their personal ac-
tivity on the many battle-fields, in leading on their men to victory, or
sustaining them under their various hardships. Such names as those of
Montague, Phillips, Strange, Edmonds, Stuart, Herbert, Carrington,
Green, Mayo, the Berkeleys, Floweree, White, Gantt, Preston, Peyton,
Patton, Cary, Garland, Withers, Magruder, Langhorne, Otey, Hodges,
August, Marye, Moore, Chew, Aylett, Slaughter, etc., should not be for-
gotten in Virginia's history.
I am. Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
(Signed) G. E. Pickett,
Major-General Commanding.
Colonel W. H. Taylor,
Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.sailor's creek.
