Il8 PICKETT AND HIS MEN.
Her Majesty's Ship Tribune,
Griffin Bay, Island of San Juan, August 3, 1859.
Sir: In reply to your letter of this morning, I have to inform you
that I shall do mysel" the honor of calling on you at 2 p. m., in company
with the captains of her Britannic Majesty's ships.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
G. Phipps Hornby,
Captain Pickett, Captain.
Commanding Detachment of United States Troops,
Island of San Juan.
Her Majesty's Ship Tribune,
San Juan Island, August 3, 1859
Sir: In accordance with your request for a written communication,
I have the honor to transmit the substance of the declarations and propo-
sitions made by me to you to-day.
Having drawn your attention to the extract of a despatch from Mr.
Marcy, Secretary of State, to his Excellency, Governor Stevens, dated
July 14, 1855, prescribing the conduct that should be pursued by the
officers of the United States in respect of the disputed grounds, I asked
if that was the tenor of your present instructions, or if the relations of
the two states had been placed on other than a friendly footing by any of
a more recent date.
To this you replied by referring to the date of the despatch.
I then asked you, in the name of Governor Douglas, the terms on
which you had occupied the island of San Juan; to which you replied
that you did so by order of the "general commanding," to protect it
as a part of the United States territory, and that you believed he acted
under orders from the government at Washington.
I then presented to you the Governor's protest against any such oc-
cupation or claim. I represented to you that the fact of occupying a
disputed island by a military force necessitated a similar action on our
part; that again involved the imminent risk of a collision between the
forces, there being a magistrate of each nation now acting on the island,
either of whom might call on those of their country for aid.
To prevent the chance of such collision, I suggested that a joint mili-
tary occupation might take place, and continue until replies could be re-
ceived from our respective governments; and, during such times, that the
commanding officers of the forces should control and adjudicate between
their respective countrymen, the magistrates being withdrawn on both