^ides, or the action of their courts suspended for the time being, theit
employment not being necessary under a joint military occupation.
I suggested this course as apparently the only one left (short of en-
tire evacuation by the troops under your command) likely to produce the
object so much to be desired, viz., the prevention of a collision between
the forces or authorities of the two countries, landed or in the harbor
of San Juan, an event which must lead to still more disastrous results,
by permanently estranging the friendly relations subsisting between
Great Britain and the United States of America.
You replied that you had not authority to conclude such terms, but
suggested the reference of them to General Harney and Governor
Douglas, without interference in any way with our liberty of action.
I pointed out that my proposition was strictly in accordance with
the principles laid down in Mr. Marcy's despatch, and that yours, on
the other hand, offered no security against the occurrence of some im-
mediate evil.
That, as officers of the United States had committed an act of ag-
gression by landing an armed force on this island pending the settle-
ment of our respective claims to its sovereignty, without warning to us,
and without giving to you a discretionary power of making any neces-
sary arrangements, the United States and its officers alone must bo
responsible for any consequences that might result, either immediate or
future.
I agreed to your request to furnish you with the substance of the
conversation in writing, and concluded by informing you that, having
now made what seemed to me a most equitable and simple proposition,
I reserved to myself, in the event of your non-acceptance of it, entire
liberty of action either for the protection of British subjects and prop-
erty, or of our claims to the sovereignty of the island, until they are set-
tled by the Northwestern Boundary Commission, now existing, or by
the respective governments.
I believe I have now given you the substance of our conversation,
and have only to add my regret that you were not able to agree to a
course which it appears to me would totally avoid the risk of a col-
lision.
The responsibility of any such catastrophe does not, I feel, rest on
me or on her Majesty's representative at Vancouver's Island.
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient, humble servant,
Geoffrey Phipps Hornby,
Captain George Pickett, Captain and Senior Officer.
Commanding Detachment of United States Ninth Regiment.