Military Post,
Island of San Juan, W. T., August 3, 11 p.m.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communi-
cation of this date, in reference to the conversation which was held to-
day between ourselves and Captains Prevost and Richards. Your recol-
lection of said conversation seems to be very accurate. There is one
point, however, which I dwelt upon particularly, and which I must en-
deavor, as the officer representing my government, to impress upon you,
viz. : That, as a matter of course, I, being here under orders from my
government, can not allow any joint occupation until so ordered by my
commanding general; and that any attempt to make any such occupation
as you have proposed, before I can communicate with General Harney,
will be bringing on a collision which can be avoided by awaiting this
issue. I do not for one moment imagine that there will any difficulty
occur on this island which will render a military interference necessary;
and I therefore deem it proper to state that I think no discredit can re-
flect upon us, or our respective flags, by remaining in our present posi-
tions until we have an opportunity of hearing from those higher in
authority.
I hope, most sincerely, sir, you will reflect on this, and hope you
coay coincide with me in my conclusion. Should you see fit to act
Otherwise, you will then be the person who will bring on a most disas-
trous difficulty, and not the United States officials.
I have thus hurriedly answered your communication in order to
avoid any delay and its consequences.
I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,
George E. Pickett,
Captain Ninth Infantry, Commanding Post,
Captain G. Phipps Hornby,
Commanding her Britannic Majesty's ship Tribune,
Harbor of San Juan, Washington Territory.
Headquarters Department of Oregon,
Fort Vancouver, W. T., August 6, 1859.
Captain: The general commanding instructs me to inform you of
the receipt of Governor Douglas's protest to the occupation of San Juan
Island, and directs me to inclose a communication, which you will re-
quest Captain Hornby, of her Majesty's ship Tribune, to transmit to
Governor Douglas with all convenient despatch.
The general approves the course you have pursued, and further di-