rects that no joint occupation or any civil jurisdiction will be permitted
on San Juan Island by the British authorities under any circumstances.
Lieutenant-Colonel Casey is ordered to reinforce you with his com-
mand as soon as possible.
Send Lieutenant Howard to Fort Steilacoom in arrest.
I am, Captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. Pleasanton,
Captain Second Dragoons, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
Captain George Pickett,
Ninth Infantry.. Commanding on San Juan Island,
Pugot Sound, W. T,
In November Captain Pickett was ordered to Fort
Bellingham, where he remained until April 10, when he
was replaced in command at San Juan, of which order he
was notified in the following:
Headquarters Department of Oregon,
Fort Vancouver, W. T., April i6, i860.
Captain: You will perceive by Special Orders No. 41, of this date,
a copy of which is inclosed, that the general commanding has replaced
you in command of your company on San Juan Island.
For your information in this position you will receive, as accom-
panying papers, the correspondence and instructions of Lieutenant-
General Scott with reference to San Juan Island, with an extract
from the orders of Rear-Admiral Baynes, commanding her Britannic
Majesty's naval forces in the Pacific, to Captain George Bazalgette,
of the Royal Marines, commanding a tletachment of Royal Marines
landed on San Juan Island by the consent of General Scott. These
orders of Admiral Baynes communicrte to his officer that he is placed
on the island for the protection of British interests, and to form a joint
military occupation with the troops of the United States.
To meet these orders of the admiral, and to remove any miscon-
ception on the part of the British authorities as to your duties, I am
directed to impart to you the following explanations and requirements
of the general commanding, a copy of which you will furnish Captain
Bazalgette for the information of Rear-Admiral Baynes:
First. Lieutenant-General Scott has left no orders or instructions
with the general commanding to grant a joint military occupation of