I never encourage deceit, and falsehood, especially if you have got a
bad memory, is the -worst enemy a fellow can have. The fact is truth
is your truest friend, no matter what the circumstances are. Notwith-
standing this copy-book preamble, my boy, I am inclined to suggest a
little prudence on your part. You see I have a congenital aversion to
failure, and the sudden announcement to your Uncle Andrew of the suc-
cess of your "lamp-rubbing" might possibly prevent your passing the
severe //zjyszVa/ examination to which you will be subjected in order to
enter the Military Academy. You see, I should like to have a perfect
soldier credited to dear old Illinois — no broken bones, scalp wounds, etc.
So I think perhaps it might be wise to hand this letter from me, in to
your good uncle through his room-window after he has had a comfort'
able dinner, and watch its effect from the top of the pigeon-house.
In one of the letters which the young cadet received
from Mr. Lincoln soon after entering West Point is the
following passage:
I have just told the folks here in Springfield on this iiith anniver-
sary of the birth of him whose name, mightiest in the cause of civil lib-
erty, still mightiest in the cause of moral reformation, we mention in
solemn awe, in naked, deathless splendor, that the one victory we can
ever call complete will be that one which proclaims that there is not
one slave or one drunkard on the face of God's green earth. Recruit
for this victory.
At the close of the letter he said:
Now, boy, on your march, don't you go and forget the old maxim
that "one drop of honey catches more flies than a half-gallon of gall."
Load your musket with this maxim, and smoke it in your pipe.
Pickett remembered, for there was not a drop of gall
in his whole life.
Short as was Mr, Lincoln's time when he passed through
Richmond after its surrender, he came to the old Pickett
home to hunt up his friend and former partner, the Gen-
eral's uncle. He asked about the General himself, and