WHERE WERE THE GUNS?
Where were the guns when Pickett's men started on
their grim march to death? is a query which has been
often made, and to which Colonel E. P. Alexander is,
perhaps, best fitted to give answer. On this point he says:
Before daylight on the morning of the third I received orders to post
the artillery for an assault upon the enemy's position, and later I learned
that it was led by Pickett's division and directed on Cemetery Hill. Some
of the batteries had gone back for ammunition and forage, but they were
all brought up immediately and by daylight all then on the field were
posted. The morning was consumed in waiting for Pickett's division,
and possibly other movements of infantry.
While forming for the attack I borrowed from General Pendleton,
General Lee's chief of artillery, seven twelve-pound howitzers belong-
ing to the other corps under Major Richardson, which I put in reserve in
a selected spot, intending them to accompany Pickett's infantry in the
charge, to have the advantage of their horses and men and full chests of
ammunition for the critical moment in case the batteries engaged in the
preliminary cannonade should be so cut up and exhausted as to be slow
in getting up.
For more than half an hour Hill's artillery had a fight for a turn in
between the lines; sixty-three guns. Not one of the seventy-five guns
which I then had in line was allowed to fire a shot, as we had at best a
short supply of ammunition for the work laid out. One hundred and
thirty to one hundred and fifty rounds are usually carried with each piece,
about enough for one hour and a half of rapid firing. Am very sure we
did not carry more than one hundred rounds to a gun, and think not over
sixty rounds.
About twelve Longstreet told me that when Pickett was ready he
would himself give the signal for all our guns to open. He desired me
to select a suitable place for reservation, and take with me one of Pick-
ett's staff and exercise my judgment in selecting the moment for Pickett's
