B N , Dec. 17, 1864.
My Dear B : Christmus is most hear again, and things is worse
and worse. I have got my last kalica frock on, and that's patched.
Everything me and children's got is patched. Both of them is in bed
now covered up with comforters and old pieces of karpet to keep them
warm, while I went 'long out to try and get some wood, for their feet's
on the ground and they have got no clothes, neither; and I am not able
to cut the wood, and me and the children have broke up all the rails
'roun' the yard and picked up all the chips there is. We haven't got
nothing in the house to eat but a little bit o ' meal. The last pound of meet
you got from T.Ir. G is all eat up, and so is the chickens we raised.
I don't want you to stop fighten them yankees till you kill the last one
of them, but try and get off and come home and fix us all up some and
then you can go back and fight them a heep harder than you ever fought
them before. We can't none of us hold out much longer down hear.
One of General Mahone's skouts promis me on his word to carry this
letter through the lines to you, but, my dear, if you put off a-comin'
'twon't be no use to come, for we'll all hands of us be out there in the
garden in the old graveyard with your ma and mine.
The letter to me said:
When I got this letter on the back hear from you see how
'twas. I knowed they want a-givin' no furloughs, but I knowed, too, that
whether they was or no, I was a-goin' home to look after , but
I wanted to go strait if I could, so I went up to headquarters, and I saw
the General hisself. He said he didn't have no power to do nothin'
hisself, that his orders were strick, but that he would give it a strong
indorse and send it up. I couldn't hardly wait till the next day, but I
kep' a-sayin' to myself, "Go strait, Billy, go strait if you can; but if you
can't go strait, Billy, by golly, go anyhow"; an' when it come back re-
fused, I says to 'em all, "I'm a-goin ', " an ' then I went back and told my
captin I was a-goin', for would never have written a letter like
that unless she was mighty bad off; and I went. I got home all right
and seed after them. If I had 'a' staid down thar I would 'a' been a de-
serter; but I didn't stay — no, I come back, and I ain't one. Seems like
luck was against me, though, for just as I was nigh onto a half-mile of
camp that old G p arrested me and I was found guilty, and am in the
next passel that's got to be took out. When the thing is all done and
over I want you, please, marm, to write to the folkes and sorter smooth