This engagement was quite a spirited one, the men and officers be-
having most admirably. Our loss was principally confined to W. H. F.
Lee's cavalry and Terry's and Corse's brigades, among them many valu-
able officers. The Federals suffered heavy loss; half an hour more of
daylight and we would have reached the Court-house. As it was, some
prisoners were taken belonging to the Fifth Corps (Warren's)
The fact being thus developed that our opponents were reintorcing
with infantry, and knowing the whole of Sheridan's and Kautz's cavalry
were in our front, I was induced to fall back at daylight in the morning
to the Five Forks, which I was directed' by telegram from the com-
mander-in-chief to hold, so as to protect the road to Ford's Depot.
This movement was made in perfect order, bringing off all our wounded
and burying all our dead. The enemy was, however, pressing upon our
rear in force. I had all trains parked in rear of Hatcher's Run and
would have preferred that position, but from the telegram referred to, I
supposed the commanding general intended sending up reinforcements.
I had, in the meantime, reported by telegram, and informed the general
commanding of the state of affairs, that the enemy was trying to get in
between the main army and my command, and asking that diversion be
made or I should be isolated. This evidently was intended, as Hunton's
brigade did come up to Sutherland's, but not till after dark. The best
arrangements were made of which the nature of the ground admitted;
W. H. F. Lee's cavalry on the right, then Corse, Terry, Stuart, Ran-
som and Wallace. General Fitz Lee was ordered to cover the ground
between Wallace's left and the creek, with his cavalry dismounted. The
Federals pushed up steadily from the Courtrhouse and commenced ex-
tending to our left. General Ransom moved still further to the left, and I
extended Stuart's brigade so as to cover his ground. General Ran-
som sent word to me that the cavalry were not in position. General
Fitz Lee was again ordered to cover the ground at once, and I supposed
it had been done, when suddenly the enemy in heavy infantry column
appeared on our left front, and the attack which had, up to that time,
been confined principally to our front toward the Court-house now be-
came general. Charge after charge was repulsed; but the Federals still
kept pouring up division after division, and pressing round our left.
General Ransom, perceiving this, took his brigade from behind his tem-
porary breastworks and boldly charged the heavy column, effecting
great havoc and temporarily checking its movement. His horse was
killed, he falling under him, and his assistant adjutant-general, the
brave but unfortunate Captain Gee, was killed. The few cavalry,
however, which had taken position, gave way, and the assailants came