pouring in on Wallace's left, causing his men to fall back. Pegram had
been mortally wounded, the captain of the battery killed, and many of
the men killed and wounded. I succeeded, nevertheless, in getting a
sergeant, with men enough for one piece, put in position on the left,
and fired some eight rounds into the head of the Federal column, when
the axle broke, disabling the piece. I almost immediately withdrew
Terry's brigade from its position, and threw it on the left flank,
charging over Wallace's men and forcing them back to their position.
Even then, with all the odds against us, we might have held till night,
which was fast approaching, but the ammunition was rapidly failing.
Colonel Floweree's regiment, after their cartridges were expended,
fought hand to hand, but it was of no avail, and, although the Federal
dead lay in heaps, we were obliged to give way, our left being com-
pletely turned. Wallace's brigade again broke, though some of its offi-
cers behaved most gallantly and used their utmost exertions to reform
it, but in vain! Everything assumed the appearance of a panic, when,
by dint of great personal exertion on the part of my staff, together with
the general ofl&cers and their staff-officers, we compelled a rally and
stand on Corse's brigade, which was still in perfect order and had
repelled, as had W. H. F. Lee's cavalry, every assault.
One of the most brilliant cavalry engagements of the war took place
on this part of the field, near Mrs. Gilliam's residence. Here the Fed-
eral cavalry made a most determined attack in heavy force, but were in
turn charged by General W. H. F. Lee, and completely driven off the
field. This, with the firm stand made by Corse's men, and those that
could be rallied at this point, enabled many to escape capture. Thus
the shades of the evening closed on the bloody field. Had the cavalry
on the left done as well as that on the right, the day would probably
have been ours; as it was, it was most stubbornly contested against great
odds. The whole of Sheridan's cavalry joined with Kautz's, the Second
Corps and part of the Sixth, were attacking us. I learned a few days
afterward, from a general of division in Warren's corps, that it was
nineteen thousand strong, making the whole force probably thirty-five
thousand, while we had not more than six thousand engaged. Our
loss in killed and wounded was very severe, and many were captured.
Colonel Mumford, commanding General Fitz Lee's division, was quite
active, and lent great assistance personally. During the evening, a
large portion of the command having been assembled on the railroad,
I proceeded with them toward Exeter Mills, intending to cross the Ap-
pomattox at that point, and rejoin the main army. While at that point
I received orders, by a staff-officer, to report to Lieutenant-General