E. Johnston; and at Gaines's Mill, Frazier's Farm, Second Manassas,
Boonsboro, Sharpsburg, Gettysburg, and the engagements about the
lines in front of Bermuda Hundred, Fort Harrison, etc., which came
under the personal observation of the commander-in-chief. The writ-
ten and spoken acknowledgments of their worth from him have been
gratefully appreciated by them.
There having been no brigade or regimental reports handed in, it is
impossible to state the casualties which have occurred in the last cam-
paign. I must not conclude without mentioning the gallantry and un-
tiring zeal in the cause exhibited by the brigade commanders, Generals
Corse, Hunton, Terry, and StUart, and their valuable stall-officers, some
of whom were killed and others wounded (General Terry's aide-de-
camp, Lieutenant Harris, was killed, and Captain Fitzhugh, Genera!
Hunton 's assistant adjutant-general, wounded, and Captain Brya.u,
General Terry's assistant adjutant-general, wounded); and of the offi-
cers of my staff, Majors Pickett and Harrison, adjutant and inspectors-
general ; Major Horace Jones, commissary of subsistence ; Major R.
Taylor Scott, quartermaster; Chief Surgeon M. M. Lewis; Captains
Baird, Symington, and Bright, aide-de-camps; Captain Cochrane, ord-
nance officer. In connection with this department (ordnance) I must
not forget to mention the name, for ability and efficiency, of Captain S.
G. Leitch, who had charge of it for three years; in fact, up to a short
time before the campaign commenced.
To the commanding officers of regiments my thanks and those of our
State are due for their maintenance of discipline in their regiments, their
continual and unswerving confidence in the cause, and their personal ac-
tivity on the many battle-fields, in leading on their men to victory, or
sustaining them under their various hardships. Such names as those of
Montague, Phillips, Strange, Edmonds, Stuart, Herbert, Carrington,
Green, Mayo, the Berkeleys, Floweree, White, Gantt, Preston, Peyton,
Patton, Cary, Garland, Withers, Magruder, Langhorne, Otey, Hodges,
August, Marye, Moore, Chew, Aylett, Slaughter, etc., should not be for-
gotten in Virginia's history.
I am. Colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
(Signed) G. E. Pickett,
Major-General Commanding.
Colonel W. H. Taylor,
Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.