the people around here were very liberal sending Clothing Provision and what money they could get. Is Carter still with you. I havent forgoten what a time I use to have trying to boss him around. I supose he is a very handsome Chap, does he still catch fish? How is Mrs Watson and the girls. Does Mr Strickler still Preach at Tinkling. I remember how I did hate to go to that Church. I dont think the people are so hyminded and proud out here. I was at Waveland last Sabbath and I liked it so well I went back that night, to the Presbyterian Church the preacher reminded me a little of Mr. S. he spoke so much like him but I felt more at home than I ever did at Tinkling we have been tending meetings generaly there was a protracted meeting held at our nearest Church 2 weeks, & there was only one joiner, the Methodist preacher will hold his meeting in a few weeks. It is true my friend our dear Brother is no more it was so hard for us to give him up he was such a dear good brother and yet I can scarsely imagine he is no more, it was such a sudden trial for us. We were looking for them the next week, but they had set the day it just two weeks from the day he died, it was the 26 th  of Oct. he atended the Fair two days, and was complaining there. he went out to Grandmas from there he went to Mr Bayleys & took sick Dr. said he had Billious Fever he did not complain only of weakness, he would tell Bechie he wasnt so bad. she was with him, that was one consolation. they tell us he died without a strugle. I hope we will all be prepared when death comes to meet him in Heaven. We have lost so many dear ones, but it was hardest for me to give him up. We have felt so lonely and sad but the neighbors are so kind to us. They tell us if we go back there we wont be satisfied but some there think we had better go back but we are all very well satisfied. We often talk and think we would love to be back there but think it best to stay out here as we can get along very easely. I guess Bechie will come out in the spring if she can get company. I cant wait I want to see her so badly. Well I will close. hope you will write soon and give me all the news for I think of you all so much. Was much oblige for that recipt & money. I gave 50 of it to the Church.