I hope you have not become impatient, as I have been somewhat remiss in not answering your very welcomed epistle. I was very glad to receive a letter from you so replete, with good sentiments, & also exemplary. I suppose you hail the new world this morning, as well as myself. I was rather surprised, when I saw the earth robed in white. I am afraid it will blast my hopes, for I anticipated a fine time on Christmas, if I get out of this prison. I expect to leave here next Saturday or whip some of the Profs. as you know I am a great fighting character speaking ironically. I have not been very well for the last week or two. I had a very bad cold, but I think so much about Christmas, I believe it has nearly left me. I think leap year must be doing its duty, & its whole duty, from the number of weddings you have attended, or rather the number of marriages that have taken place, in your immediate vicinity. I was rather surprised when you told me of J. Rubush's marriage. I hope they will have a happy sail on the Sea of life. Miss R.P. is not married yet. I think the report must have been without foundation. I would be a great looking somebody to get married would'nt I? Any one that is so diffident as I am, should never think of such a thing. I ask pardon for inviting you to the fair & not telling you when it was to be. It was certainly oversight in me, but I hope you will grant my request. Miss R.P. was not there very unfortunately, but there were some others present, whoich pleased me very much, but I was so bashful, I did not [unclear: do more] than speak to them. I have never been a visiting but once, since I returned to college, & then I thought every body was looking at me. I intended going a visiting to night, but the snow, has broken my arrangements. How is cousin S.P. getting along at C.C. School. I suppose you have a singing-school there, this winter. I used to have some fine times at that beloved spot, but I declare I don't have them here. But one year longer, then I'll be through, after this I expect to go South & whip S.C. back into the Union. I am opposed to Disunion in lots. I have been wishing all day for a good sleigh. I saw one or two pass by my window. I thank you for ever wishing me success, if I should, by the grace of God, enter upon the mission I spoke to you of, which I wished to be kept secret, for special reason. We have a very good band of students this year, no drinking which was as common last year, as it well could be. Well you must excuse me for this short & badly written letter. I beg to be excused for tardiness in writing. I'm glad to hear that Nicholas is improving so fast.