I recd your letter dated Jan 1st. I was much gratified on its reception. I can hardly realize that nearly 2 months have elapsed since I rec'd it. Your intentions were very pious, in the beginning of your letter, but they did not have very much influence on me, as I have been very remiss in not answering sooner. I have been very unwell for several days. A cold was so cruel as to catch me by stratagem or I caught it, one or the other of the ways. I am almost speechless, a certain young lady manifested a great deal of sympathy for me, sent me a very nice apple &c. You made inquiry as to how I enjoyed myself Holidays. In reply, I had a [unclear: soster ] of a time. I was in need of exercise, corporeal exercise especially. You seemed to be very much grieved because I did not come to see you, when I was so close, & used such an expression, that I had forsaken you, so true a friend. But I can reply for your consolation, that I have not forgotten nor forsaken you, though you think my actions may be that way in their tendency. Oh! no, it could not be possible. I cannot be very punctual in my correspondence, because I have a great many letters to write, & College duties are getting more burdensome. Our examinations have been going on for A about 3 or 4 week; had it not been for them I certainly would have responded sooner than now. I could not well visit you when i was down, for the simple reason that I took home with me one of my schoolmates, & was expecting him every day to see me, & furthermore my mammy told me, as I had been away from home so long, I must stay with her. Had it not been for these two obstacles in the way, with pleasure I would certainly have visited you. Though you did not demand any excuse for my selfishness, or whatever term you may give to it, yet I thought I had better give one "ane way" as the fellow said. You have gotten my likeness at last. You thought I looked very solemn, most assuredly I did, for had I laughed, the old machine would have broken into innumerable fragments. That would have been a pity wouldn't it? You spoke of having relations near town, have not become acquainted with them yet. One of them came to College bearing a message for your old Friend, but we missed each other some how or other, & I have not gotten it yet. Cannot think who it is from, unless from my friend Miss Kate. am solicitous to know what it may be. I remember of seeing Miss Sallie [unclear: McC.] the evening I was down in your neighborhood. I did not think she would recognize me, having been separated so long. How are you getting along with your singing society on the Creek. It would afford me pleasure to attend as scenes there have occured that time can never obliterate from my memory. I can almost imagine my self within the walls of that schoolroom, & mingling my voice with the voices of those who are near & dear to me. But such days as those have gone a glimmering. I think that was a mighty cruel wish in that young man to make, whom you had reference to in yours. I think I could harly let my tongue use such language, though it get deceives me sometimes, what is Lucian doing anyhow? I heard that Astidore was very sick. I hope he will recover. You spoke of something about war I think there can hardly be any such in this Christian land, I can hardly believe that the cup of her iniquity is yet full, & this require many years, as we are taught in the Bible. You spoke of getting a Christmas gift a "gold heart." If you have mine I hope it is not quite so hard as that gold one. Well I must close stop until Society closes. I have again seated myself to finish this uninteresting epistle to you. I have no news worth your attention. They have formed a Union Prayer meeting in Lex. A great deal of interest is manifested in it. You have no doubt read about the Union prayer meeting in some of our Northern cities. The students of College have a prayer meeting once a week. Sometimes it is very attended, other times it is not. Well I must close, asking pardon for this scribble. Remember me, at all times, I close, with the assertion, I remain