Your eyes no doubt have grown dim, in looking for an answer from your old firend. It is a great pleasure, or rather a privilege to have whom you can call a friend. Friendship has ever been considered the purest affection of the human heart. A person who has none in whom she or he can confide, or call a true friend, is certainly in want of some of the best qualities peculiar to our common humanity. I hardly know what to write about, for you hear nothing but war, war, all the time. People are entirely too much taken up with the excitement. Their minds should be elevated above it, if such a thing could be possible. I never saw such a time since my existence, & never want to again, as was in the streets of Lexington when the first companies were called out. Every body nearly was crying, when they were prayed for by Dr. McFarland. An old man, standing upon an elevation with his arms stretched towards the heavens, presented the most effecting scene I ever witnessed. In a most solemn tone, and it appeared like it came from his very heart. I suppose you have heard so much about war, that you are like myself, and are tired of it. I have the blues very badly, I felt this morning like taking the woods & staying there My class has but very little studying to do, & they wont quit, graduate us, give us more to do, nor nothing else. I am getting extremely tired of this sort of doing. You have no idea how wearisome it is to stay here without doing anything. I would almost as soon be in jail, if it were not for the name of the thing. May-be, I'll get there soon enough. I did not think you were so hard hearted, as to reject the love of him who had once been true to you, had again confessed & come back, how could you decline him? ah well it is all for the best, I recon. I visited the lady you sent your love to, who sent me the apple while I was "lying in" as the saying is. I did not give her your thanks, merely because I did not think of it. She seemed to be right smartly down-cast; her only brother, started for war a few days ago, in the "Rock-bridge Grays". I suppose you will handily present the flag, to the Augusta Grays, as they have been called out. I'm much obliged to you for your invitation, to attend the delightful scene. You spoke of Wm Brand in very favorable terms. I'm glad he has reformed, if many more would only follow his foot-steps. They have a daily prayer-meeting appointed here now as time set apart to pray for the soldiers. It is not very well attended. But if there are but 2 or 3 & have met for the right purpose God has promised to be one in their midst. I don't believe there is any news in the neighborhood here. I was at home last week. It was quite a treat to me. But did not stay there but two or three days. So I did not get to see my old friend on South River. But I shall visit you next Summer, if nothing happens. No doubt I'll have to shoulder my musket before that time, but I hope & pray that a higher power will frustrate the plans & schemes of wicked men. But it is the will of the Almighty, & we should submit willingly Give my love to who you please & write soon. You must excuse me for this hastily written. I promise to do better the next time may be we will communicate face to face, for it is very uncertain about my staying here much longer. I still remember you, Remember me