It is with pleasure do I take my pen to answer your elaborate epistle, which I received through the hands of our soldier & hero Mr J. Hayse. It need not be told you that it was received & perused with great pleasure as I consider it a pleasure to read letters from all my friends, who manifest such a deep interest in the welfare & safe return of our soldiers as you do. I am tolerable well at present, but not as well as I have been. I never had better health than I had two or three weeks ago. Have fattened so much you would hardly recognize me, if I were to meet anywhere away from home. I think you might come down & see us all, while we are living in peace & quietude. The indications for a battle are very faint; according to my way of judging. We will soon be strongly fortified here, and I hardly think the Yankees will attack us so strongly fortified, since they are afraid to "show us fight" in an open field. We had a grand display of the Va Vols yesterday evening. Gov. Lecher was present & presented to each Va Regiment, the Virginia Colors, with a short speech exorting them to never let her be dishonored, while in their charge. All the Generals with in reach, were present on the memorable occasion. The Governor delivered his address, standing upon one of our newly erected forts. The Gov. is going to have a grand review of the troops this evening, I wish you could attend, it would be something romantic to you especially. I saw some ladies on the field yesterday evening, to see what was to be seen & heard. This part of the country is nearly destitute of ladies & citizens generally, some have united their destiny with that of the Yankees & some with the Southerners. I suppose you have heard that the Company to which I belong, has been detailed as a permanent guard at Gen. Smith's headquarters. We were detailed the 2nd day of Oct. The time passes much more pleasantly in that position than it did when we were with the Regiment, withs notwithstanding our guard is very heavy. I've gotten so used to Camp life, I feel as well contented here, and probably better than I would be if I were at home or College. One of my Classmates came down yesterday to see us all. From the news he gave of College I would not like to be there very much. Only one of my Class returned, Lacy from New Kent County. I hope he will have a big time of it. He graduates this year, if he studies pretty hard. You spoke to me something about Wm Brand & what I thought of him generally. I have not associated with him a great deal since he is in a separate Regt from myself, but from what I have seen of him or even heard, raised him in my estimation a great deal. His moral deportment without a reasonable doubt is impeachable. I have never seen or heard of his association with the gambler, swearer, or drunkard, or rather I should use participation instead of association, for we are all bound by necessity to associate with men of all ranks & classes. To speak the truth, I have never heard of any action in his life, that would cast a shame & reproach upon his professions. I don't know whether this will be satisfactory to you or not. I have asked no one with regards to him, but speak from my own observations. This war I believe is designed to bring out the characters of men, & it certainly has brought out his by this time, & I consider it a good one. I was very sorry to hear of the death of my old schoolmate Miss Sallie McCadden, and also others with whom I was acquainted, but speaking from your statement with regard to them, their parents & friends loss was their eternal gain. That disease seems to have been more [unclear: fatal] this season, than I've ever known it to be. But all these things must needs be & we should submit & that, willingly. The suffering of our army in the west has certainly been very intense. But I still hope & trust it will be all over by next Spring, at the same time I see the tide of war rising more fearful & terrifying than ever. I have no news to write to you that would interest you in the least. I got some of the cake & cheese you sent to your brother. It was very nice, & accept of my thanks for it. Well I must close, give my love to any you choose, & write to me soon again.