I rec. your kind letter a few days ago, and will now answer it. I was sorry to hear that you was unwell, I hope that you will soon recover, as health is the greatest blessing which we can have. I see by your letter that you have purchased a lot of cattle, at 2.80 weighing 800 pounds. They must be nice cattle to weigh that in a hollow condition. I think the price of cattle are pretty heigh, considering the price of the Baltimore market last summer. Since I have been up here, I have not heard anything about the markets, but that is not what I came up here to do. News is very scarce in this part of the country. We do not get about any to hear any thing. I rode to Staunton the other day only to see the town and get the ride. I did not get to see much of it then as the days are short and it is sixteen miles there, the ride consumed nearly all of my time. I did not get to go in the asylums, and that I would have liked to done very much. I do not think Staunton is a pretty place at all, it is all hills, but I had a very nice ride on Prof. Turner's horse, he has a very fine horse, and he loans him to me, whenever I want him. This evening I rode down to Bridgewater, an I saw Eph Neff, he seems to be in fine spirits, and if report be true is getting along very well. I think I can get Prof. Turner's horse to come home, if I can I will borrow a pair of saddle-pockets and there-by save all expenses, if I make this arraingement I will let you know. I do not know though what is your intention, wither to send after me or letme come down to New Market on the stages, any way will suit me, so that I get home, for I would hate to stay up here through the hollidays, when the ballance are all gone. The State has went for Bell I suppose without a doubt, but the Whigs can not claim it as a victory. There was a greater democratic vote polled than was ever known before in this state. I suppose Doctor and Uncle Mason lays low about Douglas now. They said he was the man to vote for to save the union. I should like to know where his strength was, he taken off about enough votes to sever the solid front of the South which should at this time more than all others, be shown undivided. I wrote to Mr. [unclear: Zirkley] about my vest, and to Mr. Robinson immeatly on receipt of your letter. Give my love to all.