Your inquiry as to what I recall concerning Father's association with McCausland in the burning of Chambersburg on July 31st [1864] is quite an order. Mr. Freeman gives somewhat more than average space to the notorious Chambersburg raid and its aftermath and consequences (Lee's Lts., Vol 111, pages 571-574). In order that you may contrast what Freeman says with what General McCausland himself said on the subject, sixty years after the event, I am sending you under separate cover, to be returned to me when you are through with it, copy of the September 1940 issue of American Legion Magazine which carries an interview General McCausland gave Mr. Garnett Laidlaw Eskew in the summer of 1925, nearly two years before the General's death (on January 27, 1927) at the age of 89 years. I enclose herewith, for like and to my mind more authentic comparison with the American Legion article and with Mr. Freeman's account, a typed reproduction of the following communications from Father to Mother, all written in pencil, much of it on horseback, and some of it scarcely decipherable, recounting the incidents immediately preceding, coincident with and following the Chambersburg raid: 1. Memo bearing the date line "Two miles below Bunker Hill, 5 o'clock A.M., July 25, '64", from which you will note that he was aware of the fact that something momentous was in the planning, just what he obviously did not know. 2. Letter bearing the date line "HdQrs. 5th Cav. Brigd., Haynesville, near Williamsport, July 28, 1864", which indicates that he had by that time been apprised of what was in the offing and of its dangers. 3. "Notes on the Battlefield and in the Saddle for Hattie", commencing with July 29th and ending with August 8th, 1864. 4. Letter bearing the date line, "HdQrs. McCausland's Brigd., Mt. Jackson, Va., Aug. 9th, 1864", enclosing and supplementing the foregoing "Notes", which might have been before Mr. Freeman when writing his report and estimates of Chambersburg and its dramatis personae.  Father's line command had been, of course, the ith Va. Cavalry, but at Chambersburg he was A.C.S. (Acting Commissioner of Supplies?) of McCausland's Brigade, seemingly outranking General Bradley's C.S. on this expedition into Pennsylvania for the same reason that Brigadier General McCausland (27 years old) outranked Brigadier General Bradley Johnson, vis. because General Early had placed McCausland in overall command of the Confederate Forces. The September 1910 Confederate Veterans article on Aunt Mollie Tynes "Ride" gives the following biographical data on Father: "8th Virginia Cavalry. Served as Lieutenant one year, then as Regiment, Brigade and Division Commissary. Served on staffs of Colonel Corns, Brigadier Generals Jenkins and McCausland and Major Generals Lomax and Rosser." I enclose a typed copy of Father's parole, on the face of which you will note he is described as "Capt. A.C.S. 8th Va. Cav.", while Father's longhand notation on the back refers to the fact that at Appomattox he was "A.C.S. of C.S.A., General Rosser's Cavalry Division". According to his notation, "This division, or part of it, broke the Federal Lines on the day of the surrender" (Lee's Lts., Vol. 111, p. 737) and "with McCausland's Brigade I came to Lynchburg, thence home to Tazewell Co., Va.". Brownstown (now Marmet), mentioned in this notation of Father's, is on the south or east side of the Kanawha River, about 18 miles above Charleston. As you know, following his parole, Father took the boat to Cincinnati where he purchased and transported by boat up the Ohio Tto Catlettesburg, then up the Big Sandy, as far as push boats could go, and then over the Sandy Ridge to Rocky Dell, Tazewell County, by pack horses, the first carding machines ever to be installed west of Lynchburg. Until I unearthed Father's parole, some fifteen years or so ago, Colonel George S. Wallace and other historians in this part of the country seemed to have assumed that General McCausland "never surrendered" but had, on the day before Lee surrendered at Appomatox, fled to Mexico where during the next two years he enjoyed intimacy with Maximillian, for whose wife he named his only daughter, Charlotte. General John Hunt Oley, (New York State) USA, Provost Marshal for the Department of West Virginia, mentioned in this notation of Father's, remained in West Virginia following the war, coming to Huntington the year of its founding in 1871, where he became and remained, up until his death in 1888, the City's "first citizen" -- capitalist, educator, churchman, having founded and for fifteen years being the Senior Warden of Trinity Episcopal Church. Now as to the date of Father's visit to General McCausland. I came to Huntington in September 1910 and I know that Father immediately began writing me about paying me and General McCausland a visit "next summer". About April 1, 1911, I went to the new Kentucky river Region coal fields, in consequence of a three months contract with Kountze Brothers coal interests which was extended over thirty years, and did not get back to Huntington again for about six months. I am pretty sure it was during this six months period in 1911 that Father paid the visit to General McCausland. I remember Mother saying to me afterwards that she would love to have looked in on Father and the General during the second evening of their reminiscing, by which time she was sure they must have been at each other's throats. The General's daughter, Miss Charlotte, is still living at the old home place up the Kanawha River some twenty miles from Point Pleasant. Either two of his sons, whose tempers are quite up to that of their Father and who were quite as embittered as he, have been tried for murder during past years, or else one has been tried twice, with one conviction, for which he has long since been paroled. I planned several times to visit Miss Charlotte, but never did so, in view of the circumstances just mentioned. I purpose yet doing so. Reminded of the circumstance by Freeman's reference to Colonel William E. Petters' brief imprisonment by General McCausland for refusing to carry out his (really Early's) orderto burn Chambersburg (Lee's Lts., Vol. 111, p. 572), I recall the following colloquy which ensued between Colonel Peters and me at the close of my first Latin lecture in September, 1901: Col. P: I see from my class roster that you are from Tazewell, Sir. Did you ever know Captain C. A. Fudge, and is he still living? BCT: Yes, Sir. Col. P: Will you be seeing him again soon? I have not seen him since the summer of '64. BCT: Yes, Sir, I hope to see him if and when I get home for Christmas. He is my uncle -- my Mother's only brother. Col. P: (Embracing me, with moist eyes). Captain Fudge and I had some heated differences at Chambersburg (or so I seem now to recall it) which we mutually agreed to settle on a personal basis rather than under the rules of war, with the consequence that we parted company with the tacit understanding that he with the quickest trigger and truest aim would tell the story of our next encounter. Hearing, while passing through Charlottesville, the Captain Fudge was in our old infirmary here, suffering from a gangrenous shoulder wound, I called to pay him my respects and to extend to him my apologies, but finding him under the influence of an anesthetic I was unable to see him. Our paths never again crossed. When you see him I want you to convey to him assurances of my high esteem and affectionate regards and to say to him that he was right and I wrong and that I trust he has forgiven me. I immediately wrote Mother the substance of this colluquy. Beyond telling me that uncle Charlie had been greatly touched by Colonel Peters' message, I do not recall that either Mother or uncle Charlie ever added to Colonel Peters' narrative. According to Freeman, at Chambersburg, Colonel Peters was Commander of the 21st Virginia Cavalry which doubtless was a part of either McCausland's or Johnson's Cavalry Brigade. Why uncle Charlie, who was then Captain of Company H, 45th Virginia Infantry, should have been at Chambersburg, has never been clear to me since according to cousin Newt Harman's Annals of Tazewell County, Vol. Two, page 454, uncle Charlie "was desperately wounded and was captured by the enemy and remained in prison until the close of the war", in the Battle of Piedmont, which Freeman says was fought on June 5, 1864. Cousin Newt, of course was in error about his "remaining in prison until the close of the war", the fact being that he was not taken prisoner at all in that battle, but after being wounded was taken across the Blue Ridge to the Confederate Hospital in Charlottesville, later the University of Virginia Infirmary, Left, as you know with a limp shoulder and arm, he never again saw service. A further circumstance that throw cold water on my recollection of my above quoted colloquy with Colonel Peters is the fact that uncle Charlie condemned and deplored the burning of Chambersburg just as much as did Colonel Peters and Father, so that that incident would not have been a matter upon which uncle Charlie and Colonel Peters differed to the point of being ready to shoot one another at sight. It is inescapable, therefore, that the incident to which Col. Peters referred was in nowise connected with the burning of Chambersburg, as I have for so long thought, but took place prior thereto, indeed, prior to the Battle of Piedmont on June 5, 1864. Can you help me out on this, or the subject, or if not can you tell me who can? I have thought of writing Don Peters on the subject, but do not know whether he is still living, and doubt if he could shed any light on the subject if he is. I know Don slightly, when I returned to the University for my law in 1908-10. Trusting that you will find what you want in the foregoing hastily prepared narrative,