Respectfully returned to Bt. Brig. Gen. O. Brown with the inclosed evidence, and following report. First: As to selling clothing sent Mr Tukey for gratuitous distribution. From the evidence of Rev. James Scott, Oscar Morris, Henry Davenport, and the admission of Mr Tukey himself, it appears he sold clothing sent him for gratuitous distribution by benevolent societies. What quantity was sold or amount realized from such sales I am unable to say. Mr Tukey in his conversation with Rev. Mr. Lawson said Eleven (11) dollars was the amount, while his own statement admits eleven (11) dollars and some cents. No record of sales, or cash received was kept by Mr Tukey, and consequently no evidence as to the amount being large or small could be obtained. Mr Tukey in [unclear: extenuation] says authority was subsequently obtained from the Society furnishing the clothing, for its sale, but that evidence cannot be produced by him. Again he says Mr Scott and himself sold the clothing to aid the Methodist Church, but the philanthropy or charity of enriching a church at the expense of naked women and children is as questionable as it was clearly outside Mr Tukey's duty to be engaged in such traffic while employed as an officer of the Bureau. Second: As to the reputation he acquired among the several classes of the people. In the absence of the assessor of Internal Revenue to whom my attention was directed in this connection, I took the evidence of the most respectable and intelligent colored people, also the teachers and Mr Graham, with such evidence as Mr Tukey himself could provide, and I am clearly of the opinion from the evidence taken, that those having business with Mr Tukey have no confidence in him, and with them at least his reputation is doubtful. Third: As to the manner in which his office was conducted. With the exception of a "Memorandum book of complaints" no records were kept by Mr Tukey during his former administration. That book and a few letters received and filed, are the only evidence that remains to show that the Bureau then existed there. Since Mr Tukey has been re-instated, he has kept no records whatever. He says he has made application for a letter book, but where, when, or to whom, does not appear. He certainly has not done so to me. The letters testifying to Mr Tukeys character and standing in society received subsequent to my visit to Staunton are respectfully forwarded herewith, and attention [unclear: directed] to them. Not deeming it my [unclear: province] to seek grounds for further accusations, I have confined myself as closely as practicable to the instructions received. In reference to Lieut Cook no evidence was obtained to show that he disposed of any clothing, while the repuation he acquired seems to be as good as could reasonably be expected. Mr Tukey charges that he was frequently in the teachers rooms after hours, but Mrs Tukey or Mrs Dunn, although in the same house, say nothing about it in their sworn statements. In his office but one book was kept by Lieut Cook, namely a "Memorandum Book" containing a record of complaints and occasionally an endorsement and a letter received, the whole very unintelligible, confused, and insufficient. In the administration of cases brought before him, it appears he gave satisfaction as nothing is known to the contrary. In conclusion the attention of Genl Brown is invited to all the papers in the case which together with this report, is respectfully submitted.