In accordance with Circular No. 5 dated Bureau R.F. & A. Lands, Head Quarters Asst. Commissioner, State of Va, Richmond Va, March 27th 1867, I have visited the Counties comprising the 9th Dist. Va. and have the honor to make the following report: 1st Sub District, comprising the Counties of Frederick and Clarke 1st The general condition of the Freedpeople in both Counties is steadily improving. The people are generally employed at rates varying from $8 to $12 per month and fewer cases of litigation are occurring between themselves and whites. They are generally industrious, and compare favorably with the white population as to conduct, and obedience to law and order. 2d As a general thing the likelihood of justice being given to Freedpeople is good, except that they are not admitted to bail in cases where a white man would be - No doubt the influence of the Bureau produces a salutory effect in checking abuses to the colored people. 3d A Register of Marriages has been commenced in Frederick County, but want of blanks prevents its completion. In Clarke County nothing has yet been done in the matter, but will as soon as practicable. The four paragraphs of Circular No 11 dated Bureau R.F. & A.L. Head Qrs. Asst. Comr State of Va, Richmond Va, March 19 1866, are carried out with the exception above referred to. 4t - In Frederick County the intentions of the authorities to take care of their own indigent freedpeople, is good, and the means ample, but in Clarke County many complaints are made that the poor are not provided for, and such as are, report a state of wretchedness and filth at the poorhouse which is scarcely tolerable even to them. 5t The demand for labor in both Counties is greater than the supply, but the rate of wages is so low that many freedpeople with large families find it impossible to provide for the necessary wants of their households, while others, with smaller families, get along in comparative independence, by their labor. 6t The condition of the School established in Winchester is not so good as could be desired. The teacher, although a man of the best intentions, and fully capable to administer the [unclear: inducement] of Moral and religious training to the young, yet lacks the necessary qualifications to enforce and preserve that discipline so essential to harmony and good order, and the proper discharge of his duties. Schools could be established at Whitehall, Newtown, and Middletown, in Frederick County, and at Berryville in Clarke County, with an average number of (50) fifty pupils to each. A house for school purposes is now under repairs by the Freedpeople at Whitehall, and such assistance would be given ahead of the other places as the people were capable of. The office of Capt. G. R. Chandler is in excellent condition, and his method of keeping records is the same as at this office. He is a capable, efficient, and energetic officer, and administers the affairs of his Sub District to my entire satisfaction. 2d Sub DistrictWarren & Page Counties 1st The condition of the Freedpeople in these Counties is very much improved. They are self sustaining, industrious and generally well employed. They have not received or desired any assistance from the Government for the past three months except $14 for school [unclear: rent] for the months of February & March. 2d Full and complete justice is given by the Civil Courts to Freedpeople in cases where they are interested against whites, not a case of unfairness is known or reported to have occurred within the past three months in any cause in which a colored person was interested in either Warren or Page County. 3d No Register of Marriages has yet been made in either County, and no blanks were ever furnished for that purpose, with this exception, the paragraphs of Circular No 11 of March 1866 have been carried out. 4t It is the intention of the authorities in both Counties to take care of their own Freedpeople, and they are now doing so, but the means at their disposal are very limited. 5t The supply of labor is not equal to the demand, many more could find employment in each County, but the pay will not exceed $12 per month. 6t The School at Front Royal was in a very flourishing condition up to its close in March, and the progress of the scholars was rapid. The demands for a school at Front Royal in Warren County, and at Luray in Page County is pressing, about $40 per month I think would be contributed by the colored people at each place, if a school could be established at once. A building would also be furnished for the summer months at Front Royal. The capacity of Capt. E. H. [unclear: Ripley], the officer in charge of these Counties, is fully equal to the duties required of him, and his books, papers &c are in good condition as records of his office duty. 3d Sub-DistrictShenandoah & Rockingham Cos. 1st General condition improving, but not as rapidly as could be desired. The disposition to fullfil contracts is much better on the part of Freedpeople than on that of the whites, and a bitter prejudice towards the former & Bureau, as well as the government generally manifests itself very frequently. 2d The prejudice against Freedpeople is so great that in my opinion justice is not given them in cases where there are jury trials. The Magistrates show a [unclear: better] dispostion except in a few cases. 3d A Register of Marriages has been made in both Counties, but not on the Bureau blanks, which have not been furnished. The paragraphs of Circular No 11 of March 1866 are carried out and a case of "bigamy" is now before the Civil Courts at Harrisonburg in which a colored man is the accused. 4t The intention of the County authorities to provide for their own indigent poor is good, but the means at both Counties is altogether inadequate, and had it not been for the assistance rendered by the Bureau, much suffering would exist. 5t The supply of labor is equal to the demand, and the wages vary from $6 to $12 per month, according to the quality of the help. 6t The School at Harrisonburg is in a very flourishing condition, and reports 221 pupils. The School at Woodstock temporarily closed for a few days, is also in excellent condition, and the improvement in both places is such as to meet the approval of the most sanguine. Schools should also be established at Mount Jackson and New Market in Shenandoah County. In the former place, a room could be provided by the Freedpeople. Lieut J. H. Hall, the officer in charge experiences some difficulty in performing his duty in this sub district, and a very bitter feeling towards him and the Bureau exists there. His books and papers are properly kept, and the affairs at his office are satisfactory. 4th Sub DistrictAugusta & Highland Co's. 1st The general condition in both Counties is much improved. The Freedpeople are industrious and as their labor is in good demand, they can readily find employment, and if abused by one seek work from another. 2d There is no likelihood of justice being given to Freedpeople in cases where they are interested against whites either in Augusta or Highland Counties. There are also many cases of injustice to Union people in Highland County. A soldier formerly of the Volunteer U.S. Army named Henry Tomlinson was arrested for stealing a horse, and although it was proven in Court that the horse was taken by Tomlinson in obedience to orders from his superior officer, Col. Lathan, Commanding Post at Beverly, and it was also found that the horse was turned in to the Quartermaster, yet Tomlinson was convicted of the stealing and notwithstanding an order was issued to the Court by order of Gen. Ast. Terry to release the man, the order was disobeyed by the Court, and I am informed by the former Asst Supt. (Mr. Tukey) the man is still held. 3d A complete register of Marriages has been made for the County of Augusta, but not on the Bureau blanks, as yet no Register has been made for Highland County. 4t It is the intention of both Counties to care for the indigent freedpeople, but the means at their disposal are so meagre, that it is impossible for them to do so properly. 5t The demand for labor in both Counties is greater than the supply, and the averate rate of wages is about $10 per month. 6t The condition of the four schools in Staunton is very satisfactory, in regard to number and improvement, and the teachers are efficient and competent. These schools are the best in the Valley, and the fact that Staunton, with a less population than Winchester, has a much larger attendance of pupils, and a more rapid improvement in studies, is in itself, the most flattering compliment that can be paid to the teachers in the former place. A pressing demand for schools at Waynesborough and Churchville seems to exist & at the latter place a colored girl, who attended school at Staunton, is so far advanced, that she has commenced a school in her father's house and has now eighteen scholars. Mr. Thos P. Jackson, the agent in charge of these Counties is energetic, competent and persevering in his duties. His office and Books betoken a decided improvement and I am inclined to the opinion that he will prove to be a serviceable officer, and already has obtained the confidence of the people in his Sub.Dist. But very few contracts have been made in any of the Counties comprising this District for the present year. The freedpeople have lost confidence in the Whites' intentions to perform the conditions, and are therefore negligent in having any made, and the Whites are only too well pleased to avoid having anything to do with the Bureau in making such contracts. This fact is probably one cause of the generally low wages which are paid throughout the Valley and will necessitate the Freedpeople to again become dependent upon the Government, as soon as labor ceases in the fall. In conclusion, I would say that while it is evident at the present time that the condition of the Freedpeople is improved socially and morally, it is still to be remarked, that while his labor enriches the capitalist and the Agriculturalist, the latter by, (I am forced to believe) a combined movement are determined to keep them forever in the most abject poverty, and convince them that their former slavery was preferable to their present starvation prices for labor. The elevation of the Freedmen to political rights, and his thirst for Education will soon however relieve him from the [unclear: thraldom] under which he has so long and patiently suffered, and enable him to demand and obtain a fair remuneration for a fair days toil.