In obedience to Circular No 13 C.S. I have the honor to submit the following report called for by Circular No. 5 dated Head Qrs. Asst. Comr. State of Va, Richmond, Va, March 24th 1867, of the 9th Sub District of Virginia. 1st Division: Frederick & Clarke Cos. 1st. The general condition of the industrious freedmen is constantly improving. Many however, I regret to say, are following too closely the examples of their white neighbors and as scarcely any restrictions are imposed on the sale of liquors in either County, ample opportunity is afforded them to indulge in intemperance. Every effort however is made to establish societies for the promotion of total abstinence and I feel hopeful of gratifying results. 2nd From constant observation I am of the opinion that full and complete justice will be given by the Civil Authorities to freed- people, only so long as the restraints of the Bureau or Military will compel it. In the case of a colored boy against a white man for assault in September, six Magistrates were applied to by the boy for a warrant, and the case was tried by the Military Commissioner when it became evident that justice could not be obtained from any other source. One Magistrate in this case stated in writing that he did not think he had the right to issue a Criminal Warrant, and besides the boy was "pretty pert." 3rd The condition of the Register of Marriages remains unchanged since last report. Capt. Chandler, the officer in charge of the division, being almost constantly engaged on Registration, and the investigation of M.E. Church matters as Military Commissioner of the division. A number of persons will be reported to the Grand Jury in November for Bigamy and Adultery, believing it will have a salutory effect on the local morals of the freedpeople which the Civil Authorities never try to correct. 4th Arrangements have been made with the County authorities for the care of the poor, but the means at their disposal are altogether inadequate. A system of out door relief is however established by which the indigent recently supported by the Bureau are now provided for. A few will probably still have to be provided for who are non-residents 5th The supply of labor at this season of the year is about equal to the demand. Soon, however, as the Winter approaches, it will be in excess, as work on farms is generally suspended. 6t One self-sustaining school, on Applepie Ridge, in Frederick County, opened on 1st September, is in a favorable condition. There is an effort being made to establish schools at Berryville, and White Post, Clarke Co. The Freedpeople at White Hall Frederick Co. have a schoolhouse ready, and Capt. Chandler has made application to Rev. R. M. Manly, Supt. of Education, to supply them with a teacher. The school at Winchester has not yet reopened. 2nd Division, Warren & Page Counties 1st The general condition of the Freedpeople in this division, is perhaps better than in any other of the Districts, for the reason that they are more equally distributed throughout the Counties and thereby have a better field for their labor, and more constant employment. They are self sustaining, industrious, and generally receive fair wages, and therefore have not desired any assistance from the Govt for the past three months, except in matters of contracts, and adjusting claims. 2d Full justice is given in cases where freedpeople are interested against whites, by the Civil Courts. No case is known or reported, where ample justice was not done, [unclear: within] the quarter. 3d The register of Marriages is completed for the Counties of Warren and Page, and each of the four paragraphs are fully carried out. 4t As in the other divisions, the people of each County will provide as best they can for the indigent freedpeople - In Page County the provisions are ample, but in Warren County, the building is in a most miserable condition. 5t The supply of labor is not equal to the demand in the division, but yet I would not recommend the introduction of more, at this season, many however would find employment by the day, and many more, when the spring returns, at $10 per month. 6t One self-sustaining school under the charge of a colored teacher has been in operation at Front Royal in Warren County, during the vacation of the School under the patronage of the Bureau, with an average attendance of 35 day and 40 night scholars. There seems to be a great demand for a school in Luray, Page County, where the freedpeople have purchased land for a schoolhouse also, but outside of these points, the people are not in [unclear: numbers] sufficient to locate a school. 3rd Division: Shenandoah and Rockingham Cos. 1st The condition of freedpeople in these Counties [unclear: does] not improve in any perceptible degree, owing to the intensely bitter feelings of the whites, especially in Shenandoah County, where a decided aversion is exhibited towards Lieut. Hall, the officer in charge. 2d Full and complete justice is not given in cases between white and colored people. In [unclear: newer] cases fines are never imposed, and in many cases where white men can obtain bail, colored men are committed for want of it. 3d The Register of Marriages is complete for Shenandoah County, and nearly so for Rockingham. As elsewhere, the Civil Authorities render no assitance in enforcing the law in relation to marriage, even where violations are known to exist. 4t As in Frederick & Clark Counties, out door relief is afforded to such as cannot be accomodated in the poor house, but here only to the amount of ten dollars per year for each person, which is wholly insufficient, and suffering must be endured by all who have no other dependence. 5t The supply of labor is equal to the demand, and will be during the coming months. The average rate of wages is about $8 per month. No public works in this division, and consequently the mass of the people are unemployed during the winter months. 6t One self sustaining school has been in operation at Woodstock, during the vacation of the free school but as the means of the people is very limited, it is doubtful whether it can continue for any length of time. A necessity for a school at New Market is apparent, and the people are very desirous to have one. 4th Division: Augusta & Highland Cos. 1st The general condition of the freedpeople is satisfactory, considering the surrounding circumstances. They are becoming more self reliant, and in a majority of cases, they have fair treatment. Their greatest drawback is a desire for change, and lack of economy. 2d Full justice is accorded in jury trials, but in minor cases, brought before local Magistrates there is a leaning towards the whites, and I am satisfied that if the restraints of the Bureau were removed full and complete justice would not be given to the freedmen. 3d The Register of Marriages is in good condition. No additions have been made to it during the past month, and it is believed to be complete. Par. 2 is explained in this as in the other divisions, and no violations are know of it or Par 3. The County authorities appear utterly indifferent to its provisions, and the Agent in charge complains that complaints lodged with him, and referred to the Magistrates, are not prosecuted. The 4t Par. is carried out. 4t The County authorities care for the indigent freedpeople, as they do for the whites, but notwithstanding, there must be some suffering, the amount of outdoor relief is so small. 5t The demand for labor is greater than the supply but indifferent or indolent laborers are not needed. 6t During the vacations of the Bureau Schools a self sustaining school (Day & Night) was taught in Staunton, with three lady teachers, but closed on the 28th Sept. In the country the interest of the freedmen in schools is earnest and on the increase, and preparations are being made to erect several schoolhouses near villages, in addition to those already commenced and ere long I hope to see a self sustaining system of education, in this and all the other divisions of this Sub District. In concluding this report, it affords me pleasure to state that the general condition of the Freedpeople in this Sub District, is improving as rapidly as could possibly be expected, from the relations which so recently existed, between the whites and themselves, that of absolute master, and abject slave. Of their white neighbors, so much cannot be said. The scale of justice inevitably weighs heaviest at his side, and the most intelligent juries cannot [unclear: divest] themselves of the prejudices which too frequently exhibit themselves to the detriment of the freedmen's cause. Local Magistrates will not do justice. Even [unclear: within] this [unclear: Corporation], where the City ordinances impose fines for minor offenses they are never enforced, and while the white offender can easily obtain bail, especially against a "Nigger", the colored man if convicted has no friends who are property holders, and he is thrown into jail, to await the action of a Grand Jury which sits only twice a year. It was supposed General Order No 31 dated Head Quarters 1st Mil District State of Va, May 28, 1867, was intended to remedy this evil by empowering Military Commissioners to try such cases as are usually tried by local Magistrates, and where they supposed justice would not be done. As however instructions have been received requiring evidence that justice will not be done by the Civil authorities and as the nature of the evidence required is not stated or known, although inquiry has been made, for information on the subject, the Military Commissioners are in ignorance as to powers vested by said order, and hestitate to try cases, although convinced from numerous precedents that justice will not be done by Local Magistrates, who dispense justice according to their prejudices against the colored race. The deplorable blindness of the Civil authorities to correct the morals, and prevent the lewdness and adultery which is known to exist, is very much to be regretted. If a higher grade of morality was common among the lower order of whites, it would be an example for the colored people and the laws against immorality might be enforced with a good grace. Until this is done I fear the freedman cannot take his proper place as a citizen in the full sense of the word. In the meantime, every effort will be made by the officers of this Sub-district to bring about a more healthy state of Society.  I regret that I cannot report a more healthy state of feeling towards education by the Whites, than a total indifference, while a teacher of a colored school is the most degrading position their conception can imagine. The steady and rapid advancement of the Freedpeople in education will soon however cause their white neighbors to blush, and stimulate them, it is hoped, to greater exertions in their own behalf. The capacity of the officers of the division is fully equal to the duties required of them and the records are intelligible and well kept, and with the extra duty of Military Commissioners, and Registering Officers, they are amply employed. An order relieving the medical officer a few days since caused many regrets to the large number of sick and afflicted Freedpeople of this place and vicinity. The suspension of the dispensary would be a calamity to the penniless poor indeed, and it is to be hoped that his services may be continued as heretofore.