I have the honor to submit the following Inspection Report of the Ninth SubDistrict in obedience to Circular No 5. Series of 1864 from Head Quarters Asst Comr Dist. of Virginia, viz:  First Division Frederick County  1st The general condition of the freedpeople is much improved since last report. With the spring came employment for all who were able to work, and except in cases of sickness or old age, the colored people have acquired a certain degree of independence which if properly directed will have a moral force which even their enemies must respect. The "lazy drunken Niggers" so often heard of have disappeared and the "white gentlemen" have more than filled up the vacuum. On occasion of decorating the graves of the confederate dead in Winchester on the 6th June a scene of drunkeness and riot presented itself throughout the day which more than equaled the puny efforts (compared therewith) of the whole colored population of the County for the last twelve months. She sure went down on that day, remarkable only for swearing, fighting, drinking shouting and horse-racing and had the colored people indulged in a like manner, on a similar occasion, on the Union dead, the County Jail could not contain their numbers. I am sorry to report that outrages on the colored people have been of more frequent occurrence within the past quarter, than formerly and that Justice is discriminating in favor of the white man and I regret to state that in such cases, when appeal is taken to the Military Commissioner, they do not receive the attention which they seem to demand. Except in cases of sickness or extreme old age, but very little suffering exists. The County Authorities have shown every disposition to care for both cases, and also for such others as had a legitimate claim for public aid. Very few contracts for labor have been made at this office, as the freedmen have grown distrustful of the intentions of employers to honestly abide by and faithfully perform their duty in such cases. The experience of the two past years has convinced them that at the expiration of long contracts they almost invariably find themselves in debt to the employer, or if a balance be due them, they have to resort to litigation to obtain it, and the expense of legal proceedings would generally more than counterbalance the sums due. 2nd The hope of impartial justice to colored people in cases where they are interested against whites is remote. She who was supposed to be blind has so far recovered the use of one eye, as to see and punish the offences of the freedmen, which are always brought within the range of her vision, while with the imperfect sight of the other, she blindly winks at the white man. Not only is this the case in Jury trials, but even Magistrates will stretch the law to convict a colored or acquit a white man. 3d The Marriage Register for the division is believed to be complete. No additions are made to it, and all persons contemplating marriage are now referred to the County Clerks for a license. Par 2d No opportunity is lost to instruct the freedpeople as to their duties and responsibilities under act of Feby 27th 1866. Par 3rdThe Civil Authorities take no action to abate lewdness and adultery, and although every effort is made by us, both through the churches and otherwise, bastardy is alarmingly common. Par 4th Only one surname is used by the Freedpeople. 4th The County and corporation provide adequate means for the care of their indigent citizens. and the treatment of the races is believed to be impartial. Many Freedpeople, however, from a general superstition will not avail themselves of the privileges of the poorhouse. 5th The supply of labor is equal to the demand. During July and the continuance of harvest many more could find employment, but only for a short period. As there is a consant floating population to meet all demands, no encouragement can be given for the importation from other sections, of any considerable number of laborers. 6th The schools, which have been well attended during the past three months have closed, with one exception. Notwithstanding opposing influences attendant on sectarian quarrels, there has been a more marked degree of improvement in all the schools, than in any former session. The Methodists have opened their church and a Summer school will be continued therein. The people of the Bethel Church are erecting a building to be used jointly as a church & Schoolhouse. It will be ready by fall. The Baptists also have some funds on hand for the purpose of building a church and Schoolhouse, so that by another year Winchester will be amply provided with the necessary buildings to accomodate all who may desire or be induced to attend school. A school at Newtown was organized during the quarter and sustained without expense to the Bureau. By having the rent paid by the Bureau another year, sufficient inducements may be offered to procure the service of a more competent teacher at the above place. Second Division comprising the Counties of Clarke, Warren & Page. 1st In this division no perceptible change in the general condition of the freedpeople is apparent. Although all are employed no cases of suffering are reported, yet as no considerable number of freedpeople are congregated at any one place, it is difficult to estimate the general condition. At the principal places, namely Berryville, Clarke Co, Front Royal in Warren County and Luray in Page County, there is evidence that the freedpeople as a class are not far behind many of their white neighbors. The schools in this division have been as well attended as could be expected, and the people generally are believed to be industrious, temperate and prosperous. 2d The likelihood of full justice being given to freedpeople in cases against whites is very questionable. Frequently on colored people applying for redress of grievances to Magistrates their complaints are met with excuses, and only on application of the officer of the Bureau have such complaints been attended to. If official restraints were removed I do not think full justice would be given to freedpeople. 3d The Marriage Register is supposed to be complete for each County of this Division. Par 2d Capt Ripley, the officer in charge has performed his duty so far as practicable, in acquainting the people with their responsibilities under act 27th Feby 1868 Par. 3d No notice is taken by the Civil Authorities of lewdness or adultery and bastardy is not publicly looked upon as [unclear: Criminal]. Par. 4 Only one surname is used by colored people. 4th Each County provides for its own poor, of both colors. The means as regards buildings, are poor and the feelings of the freedpeople are so strongly opposed to the poorhouse, that it would be difficult to induce even the most destitute to enter them. 5t The supply of labor is not at present equal to the demand. Many more could find employment at perhaps $10 to $12 per month with the usual allowances farming hands alone are wanting. 6th The schools having closed with the exception of one at Berryville, I can only observe that the qualifications of the teachers were not of a character to reasonably expect much from Schools in their charge. Mrs. Jackson, col. at Berryville is however an exception wither the two months of her administration a perceptible improvement is observed. The demand for schools in other places than where held last winter, are not urgent, and if organized it is doubtful if a sufficient number of pupils would attend to warrant the experiment of employing a teacher and other expenses. Third Division comprising the Counties of Shenandoah & Rockingham. 1st All the Freedpeople are employed and as in the 2d Division they are well distributed, except at Harrisonburg, and their general condition is prosperous. At the latter place there is a good schoolhouse, the property of the colored people well attended, and showing a degree of efficiency commendable to Miss Phoebe Libby the teacher. This school also closes on the 1st July, much to the regret of parents, and pupils. Reports of unprovoked assaults on Freedpeople and known Union people are well founded, and the recent outrage perpetrated at Woodstock before reported is perhaps the best indication of popular opinion which can be cited. While the freedpeople are industrious peaceable and temperate, showing every disposition to become good law abiding citizens, they are not always permitted to enjoy the fruits of their industry quietly, but are cruelly maltreated by vagabonds, publicly known in their locality as "White gentlemen. The frequent absence of Mr. Hall from his division and his reticence in affairs taking place during such absences no doubt stimulates offenders to repetition of such unlawful practices. A second outrage was perpetrated on the colored girl Celina Jackson during my recent visit on inspection to Woodstock. While the girl was walking quietly into Church on the Sabbath she was assaulted and struck across the face with an umbrella by Robert [unclear: Law] one of the party who on a former occasion was fined "one cent" by a Jury for whipping Mr George Rye, present State Treasurer. If practicable I would respectfully recommend that the officer of the Bureau at Woodstock may also be appointed Military Commissioner, with full power to correct abuses which are totally neglected by the Civil Authorities, and which if permitted to increase will eventually lead to serious results. 2d The liklihood of full and complete justice being given to freedmen in cases where they are interested against whites is hopeful in Rockingham County but the indications in Shenandoah County are such as to leave no room for hope, unless a radical change takes place in the community, and a more determined effort is made by the officers of the law to execute their duties with fidelity. 3d The Register of Marriages is completed, and each of the four paragraphs contained in Circular 11 series of 1866 are believed to be fully carried out. 4th The County authorities have ample provision for caring for their own indigent poor, and freedpeople are received and treated as are the White inmates. Outdoor relief, where the necessities of the case require is also given. 5th The demand for labor is greater than the supply except at Harrisonburg. Many families could find employment in both Counties at about $10 per month. 6th The schools at Harrisonburgh and Woodstock which are now closed, were in excellent condition, well attended and well conducted, with the advancement as progression and rapid as could be expected. Edinburg, Mt. Jackson, Strasburg & New Market in Shenandoah County require schools, but nothing can be expected from the people towards their establishment or support. Fourth Division comprising the counties of Augusta & Highland. 1st The affairs of the freedpeople in this division indicate that steady advancement is gradually being made by this class. They are all employed at reasonable wages, are generally industrious, and show that they are disposed to make themselves a thrifty, self-supporting and law-abiding population. Col. Jordan the officer in charge reports that from the indications, they are losing their interest in political matters, that is so far as allowing political meetings to interfere with their occupations. From conversations, however with many of the people themselves, I find a very lively interest manifested, with an intelligent discrimination as to their interests, and decided convictions as to who are their friends and who are not. I would also remark that their appreciation of the relation they sustain to each other, especially in regard to the marriage relation is assuming a more substantial aspect. It is believed that as far as the general condition of the freedmen is concerned they are prosperous, intelligent and happy nevertheless intemperance and immorality are far too common and no efforts made by the local authorities, to prevent drunkenness or lewdness. 2d In cases where a colored person is a party to the action and especially if the other party is an influential and popular white man prejudice in the lower Court controls both Court and Jury to a much greater extent than do the facts or evidence. In the higher Courts also the statement of a colored man, as compared with that of a white man does not appear to have the same weight. I cannot believe that a colored person could obtain full and complete justice in any of the Courts if the Military Authority was withdrawn. 3d The Register of Marriages is complete for Augusta County. Col. Jordan has not as yet had the time necessary to complete it in Highland County. The first three paragraphs of Circular No. 11 are carried out. The neglect of the Civil Authorities to prevent or punish lewdness or adultery is not calculated to improve the morals of the Freedpeople. But one surname is used. 4t Col. Jordan reports that he is informed the authorities are able, but not willing to provide for their own poor, and that the overseers of the poor take but very little substantial interest in the subject. No complaints however are made and at present the same aid is extended to all regardless of race or color. The authorized appropriation for this purpose in Augusta County is $5000 and in Highland County $1000 - which would seem to be ample. There are now a number of both races, who because of old age or helplessness are receiving aid, in both Counties, both in and out of the poorhouses. 5t The demand for labor is greater than the Supply and all who are disposed to work are employed at reasonable wages. 6t As in the other divisions of the Sub District the Schools are now closed. The interest of the freedpeople in them is unabated and proportionate to their circumstances. Mount Crawford and Mount Sidney in Augusta County and Monterey in Highland County are favorable locations for the establishment of schools, but little or no assistance could be expected from the inhabitants towards their support. On the tour of inspection, reports of the freedpeople were everywhere encouraging. They are generally sober, industrious and peacable. They are strictly observant of the law; have firm and abiding interest in religion and education, show a commendable spirit and an intelligent appreciation on all public questions which are calculated to affect their prosperity as a race, and are surely and steadily progressing to that scale of manhood which will command for them equality before the law, and eventually the respect of even their enemies. The relations existing between themselves and the white race, up to the middle of May was hopeful. Numerous outrages since that time have been committed against colored people, which the law has dealt with so leniently, as would seem to invite future aggressions. A well grounded appeal taken before the Military Commissioner at Winchester has been production of no good, and the freedpeople (with the exception of the mockery of a trial) are defenceless against the assaults of white persons. Education the freedman's anchor of hope is embraced with fervancy and its power will shortly have a telling effect. By it they are gaining that confidence in themselves which will elevate them above the dependence upon the white man, which slavery taught them was indispensible to their very existence. Freedmen's schools now dot the land in this Sub Dist. like village churches, and are at least as well attended. Every village also has its sabbath school, with an attendance of from ten upwards. At the several stations the official records and papers were in a satisfactory condition and except in one case, no complaints were made against the officers. The continuance of the Bureau for one year longer is a source of rejoicing to the freedpeople as well as their friends, and as far as I can judge, its practical workings has given general satisfaction.