In compliance with Circular No. 5 Series of 1867 from your Head Quarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of a tour of Inspection through this Sub District viz: First Division, comprising Frederick Co. 1st The General Condition of the Freedpeople in this Division has steadily advanced, since last report. They have been generally employed at fair wages, are industrious and prosperous and beside being self-sustaining very many have purchased small lots of land and built dwellings in which they reside. The example of the latter class has stimulated others, who are making every effort to secure homes for their families. The moral condition of the race, though improved, is not as satisfactory as could be desired. Many desertions of husband from wives are reported, and bastardy is still too common. The indifference with which the public looks upon the latter crime, in white and colored persons, renders it if not respectable, as no obstacle to future preferment. Until public opinion undergoes a radical change on this subject, but little improvement can be looked for. Except in cases of old age or sickness, but few applications for relief were made  the public. As the winter approaches, herewith and labor becomes scarce, many heads of families, with the most tireless industry find that the product of the years labors insufficient to clothe and feed the many helpless children. The [unclear: compromising] appearance of the corn crop in this county adds to their fears for the coming winter. The religious divisions of the people has also made divisions on the school question. This is very much to be regretted, and although each denomination is making arrangements to sustain sectarian schools, still by an unanimous cooperation a good site for a schoolhouse can be obtained, free of cost, the title to be vested in a board of trustees, to be used for school purposes forever, and a school established on such site without sectarian prejudice could not fail to be much more efficient than the others. The house in course of erection by the Bethelites, and one contemplated by the Freewill Baptists will not be in condition to use for School purposes the coming winter if ever. 2d The disposition of local Magistrates to administer impartial justice is good. Local class prejudices are too strong, however to expect it in jury trials. In almost all cases wealth, influence and race will influence justice against poverty stricken freedmen. 3d The Register of Marriages is completed, and each of the four paragraphs of Cir. 11 Series 1866, have been fully and repeatedly read and explained at the several churches, and none can plead ignorance of the Law. The state authorities take no action to prevent lewdness and adultery, and altho cognizant of the existence of both; do not attempt to remedy. 4t The County Authorities provide for indigent freedpeople, as they do for the same class of whites and the means at their disposal are adequate for the purpose. Few freedpeople, however, can be induced to avail themselves of the privilege owing to a superstitious belief that "all who enter the Poorhouse will soon die there." 5t The Supply of Labor was less than the demand during the quarter, while for the coming months it will be largely in excess. Wages range from $8 to $15 per month, according to quality of help, few however receive money for labor but are compelled to take Corn, Bacon, Clothing and such other necessaries as they may require, and are frequently astonished to find themselves in debt, at the expiration of contracts where they expected to find a balance in their favor. The total inability of the Freedmen to keep accounts of time or articles received operates greatly to their disadvantage in the settlements of claims for services rendered. 6t No Schools were in session during the quarter. This month closes the vacation and teachers are shortly expected to return. Efforts are being made to organize schools at Newtown and Middletown, the only places now destitute where a sufficient number of pupils could be found to attend. Second Division comprising Clarke, Warren and Page Counties. 1st In this division the general condition of the freedpeople appears to be prosperous No considerable numbers are congregated at any one place and consequently labor is in acute demand at fair prices; and all are employed. In consequence of their isolated condition, and the consequent difficulty in organizing for mutual consent of action, their advancement socially is slow. The Schools were presided over by teachers altogether incompetent for the work, and although the moral effect was advantageous to the people, the actual progress was exceedingly slow. As at other sections, the complaints of bastardy are numerous and white men are not infrequently accused by colored women of being the fathers of their children. Owing to the constant demand for labor, by very little of any actual suffering exists at any season in this division. The freedpeople are generally reported as peaceable industrious and willing to abide the terms of Contracts. 2d Local Magistrates seem disposed to render fair and impartial justice in cases in which freedmen are parties. It cannot be denied however, that the prejudices of juries are against the freedmen and that wealth, influence & the pride of race oppose a powerful bar to the claims of justice. 3d The Register of Marriages is believed to be complete as far as practicable, in each of the Counties in the division, and each of the four paragraphs of The Records, Books and papers at Captain Ripley's office are in a satisfactory condition, and everywhere throughout the Division, progression in freedmen's affairs is evident. Third Division, comprising the Counties of Shenandoah & Rockingham 1st General Condition- All the freedpeople who are able to work, are employed at prices varying from $8 to $12 per month. At Harrisonburg they appear to be in a very prosperous condition, they have erected a good schoolhouse at an expense of about $600, and during the last term of the school paid by contribution about $40 per month toward the supply of teachers. Extraordinary efforts will be made in this Division during the coming winter to increase the number of schools and it is hoped with success. The very bitter political prejudice of a large number of the Whites in is   made manifest [unclear: whenever] the slightest opportunity [unclear: presents] is very [unclear: much to be] regretted. Woodstock, [unclear: Edinburgh] and New Market are noted for the hostility on the part of their citizens towards men from the North, Officers of the Government, and to men of [unclear: Union] Republican [unclear: principles]. Bt LieutCol. [unclear: Wm. Lynch] 44th  Infy recently on duty in the Bureau was  on the  of Woodstock by parties      him  and  the [unclear: officer] of political   at  has    the  of his house and the cut into [unclear: fragments]. Such outrages have the effect to [unclear: infuriate] the colored persons. Selina Jackson, a freedgirl having been repeatedly assaulted for giving evidence against a party of men accused of cutting down and burning a flagpole in front of the Bureau office at Woodstock and being unable to obtain redress or protection, was compelled to [unclear: leave] the County to escape further violence. Since the arrival of Mr. James Agent of the Bureau at Woodstock, no reports of abuse have been made, and it is sincerely hoped such [unclear: censurable] practices will soon cease altogether. 2d It is believed the Magistrates intend to administer fair and impartial justice altho' complaints have been made that they have not done since the case of Selina Jackson. Perhaps it is fair to presume that they are not prepared to fully oppose strong local prejudices which could not fail to be disastrous to Magistrates engaged in business. It is very doubtful if fair and impartial juries can be found to try cases in which colored men are parties. 3d The Register of Marriages is completed in each County, and each of the four paragraphs are believed to be carried out as far as practicable. 4t The County Authorities provide for the indigent freedpeople as they do for the whites, and their means are ample. 5t The supply of labor is less than the demand but no encouragement can be given for the introduction of more at this season In the Spring from three to four hundred (300 to 400) agricultural hands could find ready employment at prices before stated. 6t There were no schools in Session during the quarter - Strasburg, Mount Jackson and New Market, in addition to the places at which schools have already been established seem to require schools, and at least fifty (50) pupils at each place would attend, but the people, from indifference and poverty will offer no reliable inducement towards an effort to organize schools at those places. The interest taken by Mr James in the affairs of this division will it is believed be production of excellent results. As the freedman's friend, he will labor for their advancement socially, encourage education, and it is hoped bring about a better state of feelings between the race than has heretofore existed. Fourth Division, comprising Augusta and Highland Counties 1st The General condition of affairs indicate that advancement in intelligence is gradually being made by the Freedmen. They are generally employed at reasonable wages, are industrious and show by their deportment that they are disposed to make themselves athrifty, self-supporting and law abiding population. But little idleness and much less drunkenness prevails - improvement in that respect being observed. They are disposed to abide by the conditions of contracts, and the obligations and duties they sustain to each other in assuming a more substantial aspect. Taking everything into consideration the condition of Freedmen's affairs, especially in reference to those matters for which they are responsible, is marked by steady advancement. They have a lively appreciation of the importance of education and are generally interested in the question of Schools. Extreme suffering is not reported nor observed and with the exception of the Aged, and decrepid, all appear to be contentedly employed. 2d In cases where a colored person is opposed to a white man the influence of wealth and race are strongly felt by juries and not seldom overpower evidence & facts. The higher courts, I am satisfied do not to any observable extent refuse justice on account of race & color, but the statement of a colored man, as compared with that of a white man does not appear to have the same weight with Judge or Jury. 3d The Registry of Marriages is completed for Augusta County and nearly so for Highland. The difficulty of getting the people to attend to this matter, owing to imperfect communication with those at remote  has caused the delay. Par. 1 of Cir. 11 Series of 1866 is fully carried out in Augusta and nearly so in Highland County Par. 2d The officers and Agents have fully explained the provisions of the paragraph in all the Churches Par. 3 Clergymen and others are fully congnizant of the provisions of this paragraph - The State Authorities do nothing to prevent adultery or lewdness. Par. 4  Has been fully explained, and none can plead ignorance of the law. It is believed that but one surname is used. 4t The Overseers of the Poor seem disposed to provide for both races alike, and render to our relief in many cases where parties can do something for their own support. The means to provide for all is ample for the demand. 5t The supply of Labor as in the other divisions is unequal to the demand. All are at work and others could find employment at from $8 to $12 per month. 6t No Schools were open during the Quarter It is the cause of much regret among the Freedpeople that the operations of the Bureau are to cease on the 1st January next. The prosperity and social advancement which has attended their progress each year is attributable to that protection with which the government has shielded them in their efforts to realize the blessings of freedom. Without the continuance of that protection they will be as heretofore, defrauded by men who have been accustomed and still do look upon them as their property. The law it is true protects them; but without the means to employ the law with efficacy and too ignorant & unsophisticated to take the proper initiatory steps for their protection they becoming [unclear: disheartened] and hopeless of success abandon their just claims. When told that the local civil officers are loyal and good men, they reply that those same local officers were slaveholders before the war, and that altho' loyal to the government the same local prejudices and interests in business will influence them to as great an extent as if over  they naturalyfeel that their only dependence is on the officers who are entirely independent of local influence, and who they know are their friends, and they say as they feel, that if with officers who are appointed at Washington, with no local prejudices whatever they can barely get justice how can we hope when they are [unclear: rendered] to obtain the slightest recognition of our rights from those who if no influence was felt would claim us as their chattels." That the view they have thus taken is well founded there can be no doubt. The evident desire to defraud the freedmen of their hard earned due in very many cases, cannot be disputed. The amounts tho' generally small are nevertheless of great consequence 15 destitute families, and without some officers whose special duty it will be to attend to this class of complaints, a large sum in the aggregate will be annually lost to the freedmen. It is a matter of congratulations to record the marked improvement in the condition of the colored people throughout the whole Sub-district With industry and economy applications for relief of food and clothing have almost ceased. The Churches have been filled with well-clad, and orderly congregations, and very many [unclear: p---t] with pleasure and  to the little house and lot, which tho' not all paid for, they call with honest pride their own. It has been found impracticable to organize temperance societies, still amongst the freedmen drunkenness is rarely to be seen and only in cases of confined  in the larger towns. The great necessity of the race (as of  any) is education (and cultivation, and tho' unwilling to contribute much material aid to the support of schools, owing to the fact that little if any assistance has been required of them heretofore, they fully realize and appreciate the advantages which instruction in the elements of education confers upon the fortunate possessor, and gradually perceive the worth of knowledge for its own sake independent of the pecuniary advantages its possession confers. The proficiency of the pupils and the marked attention noticed in many cases on the part of both parents & teachers is the signal of success, and there can be no doubt that the feelings of pride in their children and love for them will as in the case of white people be found a sufficient stimulus for them to exact themselves as much as possible to send their children (& go themselves to school), and it is confidently expected that a wide attendance and still more liberal support on the part of parents will be had by all the schools which may be [unclear: started] in this sub District this winter.