In compliance with Circular No 5 Series of 1864, from Head Quars Assistant Commissioner, Virginia; I have the honor to render the following report of the condition of Freedmen's Affairs in the Ninth Sub District, comprising the counties of Frederick, Clarke, Warren, Page, Shenandoah, Rockingham, Augusta, and Highland, for the quarter ending December 31, 1868. First Division comprising Frederick County. 1st The Freedmen as a general class continue to improve socially and morally. They are rapidly becoming aware of the importance of self-dependence and the value of time; and consequently idleness is disappearing and a healthy [unclear: toned] system of daily labor is effecting a comparative independence, which promises permanent good. A demand for labor during the summer and fall gave constant employment to all who wished to avail themselves of reasonable compensation and many have earned and invested their little surplus earnings in a house for the future. Not a single complaint of violation of contracts has been made against the Freedmen, while a large number have been made against the Whites. In contracts for labor on shares of the crop, many advantages are taken by land-owners, frequently where the Freedmen contract to receive one half or one third of the wheat or corn crop, at the time of settlement they receive their part of the grain, but are defrauded out of their just and valuable portion of the straw or fodder. Still in other cases where employed by the month, legal measures have too often to be resorted to, in order to compel a settlement. Until men are activated by a sense of Justice towards the Freedmen this wrong will continue. Considerable difficulty was experienced in procuring a building for school purposes in Winchester. No White man having suitable buildings would let them for that purpose, and this may be regarded as an evidence of the feeling toward the education of the colored people. Although no encouragement has been given, nevertheless, the schools have prospered, and in many cases a marked degree of proficiency has been attained. It is believed now that the schools in existence will compare favorably with any others of similar grade in this County. It is very generally conceded, even by the enemies of the Freedmen that the children of the latter are acquiring an education as rapidly as the children of the middle and lower class of whites, so that when the rising generation shall aim at manhoods estate they will be sufficiently advanced to detect and prevent the annoyances to which their fathers are subjected. 2d At present it does not appear likely that full and complete justice will be given to Freedmen in cases where they are interested against whites. Although their evidence is admitted, it is not received with that credit which a white mans would in like cases. Especially in jury trials, local prejudices are so strong that it makes a great difference as to the result whether the complainant is a white or colored man. Cases sustaining the opinion herein expressed have heretofore been reported to the Asst Commissioner. 3d The Register of Marriages for this Division is believed to be complete - no additions have been made to it within the past year. Par. 1 of Cir. 11 dated Head Quarters Asst. Comr State of Virginia, Richmond March 19th 1866, is believed to be fully carried out, according to the best information obtained from parties interested. Par. 2 has been frequently read and explained at all the religious meetings of the colored people in the district, and is believed to be thoroughly understood. Par. 3. The state authorities take no action for the prevention of lewdness or adultery among the colored people. The agent would willingly co-operate with them if they would take any action in the [unclear: premises]. As it is, we endeavor to do all we can to discountenance and discourage such practices. Licenses are required for all proposed marriages since Jany 24th 1866. Par. 4 is fully carried out. 4th The County authorities manifest a disposition to provide for their own indigent Freedpeople as they do for Whites, and the means at their disposal is ample for the present demand. Pecuniary embarrassment probably prevents more comfortable quarters being furnished the inmates of the Poorhouse as the buildings are sadly out of repair. 5th The supply of labor in the summer months is not equal to the demand, but in the latter part of the fall and winter it is in excess. Wages range from seven to twelve dollars per month, according to the quality of the help. In a large number of cases the Freedpeople experience great difficulty in obtaining pay for services rendered. An evident intention on the part of many employers to take advantage of their ignorance, and by fraud in accounts and otherwise cheat them on settlements, is often manifest. 6th Miss Lizzie A. Linchcome in charge of school at colored M.E. Church at Winchester is fully qualified to teach, but lacks the ability to govern. Her school is deficient in part of discipline. The school sustained partly by the Bureau in charge of Mr. Oscar M. Waring promises to be a success in numbers and efficiency. Mr. Waring has had several years experience as a teacher, and his school is creditable not only to himself, but to its patrons also. As soon as a teacher can be procured, a school will also be opened at Newtown, which with those here will be ample to meet the necessities of the people in this county. Second Division comprising Clarke, Warren and Page Counties. 1st The Freedpeople appear to be in a prosperous condition in the Counties comprising this division. No great number being in any one place, labor is equally distributed, and all who were able to work are employed. In Clarke County the colored people are erecting a church at an estimated cost of $3000. It is probable however, that before completing it, they will be compelled to appeal to charitable friends for assistance. Warren and Page Counties are equally prosperous with Clarke, but for the reason that no large number can be found together it is considered inexpedient to organize schools at other than those places where schools are now in operation, viz: Berryville, Clarke, Co. Front Royal, Warren Co. and Luray, Page County. Although the people are constantly employed and labor is abundant, there does not seem to be that disposition on the part of the people to acquire property or homes for themselves that is manifested by the Freedmen in the First division. No suffering exists, and the demand on the Counties, by indigent freedpeople, if any are very few. 2d For some months past, no cases of injustice to Freedpeople were reported, but so long as local prejudices exist, full and complete justice will not be given by juries. A much larger amount of evidence than would be required to sustain the the cause of a white man, would alone establish facts in his case, and complaints made by them do not receive equal attention as if made by a white. 3d The Register of Marriages is complete for each County. Par. 2 of Cir. 11 series of 1866 has been fully explained to the Freedpeople in each County by Capt. Ripley the officer in charge, and is stated to be well understood. Par. 3 as in the first division, the civil authorities do nothing to prevent lewdness or adultery. The people however, have been cautioned against such practices. Licenses for marraiges subsequent to Jany 24th 1866 are required. Par. 4 is carried out. 4th In each County, indigent Freedpeople are provided for by the authorities as are the same class of whites. From superstitous causes the most indigent are unwilling to avail themselves of the privileges of the Poorhouses, and consequently few if any seek relief from that source. 5th The demand for labor in each County is greater than the supply for nine months in the year and about balanced for the remainder. Wages range from ($7) seven to ($12) twelve dollars per month, which is generally paid in produce, clothing, &c. As the most exhorbitant prices are demanded for articles thus given, it cuts the wages down to a cash value of at least two dollars per month less than the above quotation. 6th The condition of the school at Berryville in charge of Miss Sarah S. Jackson has attained a fair degree of discipline, and the proficiency of the pupils is of the average in primary schools in Country districts. At Front Royal the school in charge of Miss Mary E. Perry is well conducted and promises to be profitable. The school at Luray would be much improved if a more competent teacher was in charge. Revd Mr. Jones although an excellent man is not qualified for the work, as not being master of words of one syllable himself, and therefore unfit to instruct others. Captain Ripley, the officer in charge has done all in his power to promote the interests of the Freedpeople in his Division. Third Division, comprising the Counties of Shenandoah and Rockingham. Except at Harrinsonburg and Woodstock, the colored people are well distributed in this division, and constant employment is obtained without difficulty the greater part of the year. The people however are very poor, and appear less ambitious than elsewhere. Seldom obtaining cash for labor, they depend on employers to furnish the necessities of life for their families, forgetting that when a settlement comes, they will have to pay the highest store prices for what they had. Except also at the first mentioned place, they appear to have but little interest in education. They would attend schools if furnished them without the expense of Rooms, Teachers, or fare, but no great importance seems to be attached to gaining knowledge through the slow progress of books. The advancement of those who live remote from large towns or settlements, and in the mountains is extremely slow. Few contracts for the coming year have been made. 2d Reports from the officer in charge indicate that full and complete justice is given to Freedmen in cases where they are interested against white men. This is probably so as far as the courts are concerned, but in trials by Jury it is certain that mens prejudices operate against the Freedmen especially in cases of assault, or in the settlement of accounts. Mr James has reported one or two cases where it was evident the juries did not regard the evidence. 3d The Register of Marriages is complete. No additions have been made to it for some months. Par. 2 Is understood, it having been explained to the people at all the religious meetings in the division. Par. 3 Although the authorities take no action for the prevention of lewdness and adultery, few cases are known to exist. The officer in charge does all in his power to prevent such practices. Par. 4 is carried out. 4th Indigent freedpeople are provided for by the authorities of the County, and the means adequate. Few colored people will consent to become inmates of the Poorhouse. 5th The supply of labor is greater than the demand, except at the dullest season. Even at present all are employed who are able to work. 6th But one school is yet in operation, it is located at Harrisonburg, in charge of Miss Elizabeth James, a lady fully competent and devoted to the work. A healthy interest, and a very fair degree of proficiency on the part of the pupils indicate the success of Miss James' efforts. Schools will also be commenced as rapidly as teachers can be secured, at Woodstock, Strasburg and New Market. Since Mr. James has been assigned to this Division, an improved state of feeling has existed between the white and colored people. Fourth Division, comprising the Counties of Augusta and Highland. 1st In this Division the [unclear: general] of the freedpeople has not perceptibly improved. As in other cases, they are defrauded by many employers, who with pretended words of friendship, bind them by contracts which are unjust in many particulars. Numerous complaints have been made to Mr. Waldo, the agent in charge, by Freedmen, against parties for whom they have labored, on contracts and by the month, to the effect that they cannot obtain their pay. In settling such claims, the evident intention, in very many cases, to defraud the laborer, becomes manifest, and many freedmen suffer in consequence. Intemperance is happily decreasing. Labor is in active demand and the Schools will do much to enlighten and instruct the people in their rights, and the manner in which to obtain them. 2d Until past prejudices are [unclear: removed], and loyal men occupy the positions of Magistrates, Sheriffs & Juries, full and complete justice cannot be expected for the Freedmen. 3d The Marriage Register is complete, and each of the four Paragraphs have been carried out as far as practicable. The County Authorities do nothing for the prevention of lewdness. 4th Ample arrangements have been made by the County Authorities for the care of their own indigent freedpeople, the means at their disposal is sufficient for all purposes. 5th Labor is in good demand, even at this late season all who can work find employment without difficulty at from eight to twelve dollars per month. In Highland and a large portion of Augusta Counties, very little money is paid the laborer, who is content with such commodities as he can use in his family, obtained at prices in advance of what the same goods could be purchased at the Stores. By this system, employers take back the whole of the employees wages, and still have a balance in their favor, and the Freedman is compelled to work on trying to liquidate the debt, and getting deeper into it the longer he works. 6th The schools at Staunton, although recently opened are doing well. Mr John Scott has a flourishing and well regulated school with a remarkably large average attendance and a [unclear: corresponding] degree of interest. Revd Jackson Strange also has a good and orderly school. The attendance however is not so large, nor the discipline scarcely so good as at the school of Mr. Scott. There are two other smaller schools in Augusta County, which was impracticable to visit. Mr. Waldo the agent in charge is an efficient and faithful officer, and has discharged his duties to the satisfaction of this office and the Freedpeople of his division. With low wages and large families, many working men, even with good health, find it difficult to maintain their families and furnish clothing. The advantage which employers take of ignorant freedmen, the manner in which they defraud them of their pay, knowing that they cannot resort to law for want of means to employ counsel - the advantage taken in drawing up and explaining to the Freedpeople contracts which bind them to labor for a whole year for a trifling portion of the crop all point with gloomy certainty to the fact that after restrictions are removed the colored people will be again reduced to servitude for a compensation of the coarsest food and clothing. It is also a matter of regret that the better class of the community, as well as the civil authorities take no heed of the looseness in morals by which they are surrounded. Outside of the Bureau, no efforts appear to have been made to correct this evil. Although perhaps not quite so bad as formerly, still it exists to a much greater extent than would be tolerated in any well regulated community. In conducting a service of nearly three years in the Bureau, we desire to acknowledge and thank the Asst Comr for the uniform courtesy and kindness which has marked his official relations with this office, ever ready to advance the interests of those for whom he labored, he has given [unclear: permanency] to the Schools throughout the Valley, encouraged temperance and protected labor, thereby placing the Freedmen on the surest and safest road to intelligence, health, and independence and true happiness.