My last to you was from Woodstock since which I have been at New Market and also Harrisonburg. The latter is quite a flourishing place and an important one in several respects and a school should be established there soon as practicable. Rebellion was deeply seated there and instead of getting better like total depravity seems to wax worse and worse. They do not boldly threaten the lives of those who may undertake to teach a school for colored children but, the more mild and nominally Union who are presumed to speak advisedly say that "a teacher" could not live a week" and in answer to my inquiry "do you mean to affirm that a teacher would be assassinated?" answer "certainly as he undertakes it" Now I do not believe any thing of the kind. The very fact that they back this would lead me to doubt it. But they feel all over. I had a meeting of the colored people who are enthusiastic about the school and will with the aid the Bureau and Supt. of that vicinity provide a school room. It would be well if a man and  could be sent there immediately. Military protection will be provided when needed. I hope your Lutheran friends will be disposed to occupy that and adjoining fields unless you have other suitable help ready. There are Lutheran Churches scattered all along this Valley, and should Harrisonburg be occupied by such a representative, schools could be located in smaller places in the same vicinity (although of course at some distance) under his direction which I understood from Mr Whipple was desired. There is more work to be done and a demand for many more workers in this (the 6th) District than I supposed, and probably 40 to 50 teachers will be required if the field is properly cultivated. I have seen no place where Educational influences are more needed and demanded than is this Valley. We owe it to the Rebels that we throw in the Northern "Yankee" Christian Element here. They are miserable Rebels and I wish most heartily that Mr Beecher was obliged to spend a few weeks here and inform himself from this stand point instead of President Johnsons Blue or Green Room, as to the real spirit of Rebels, their constant cruel and outrageous treatment of the blacks their determination to make their condition as uncomfortable as possible their deadly opposition to their being educated, the hatred and malice with which they are constantly being [unclear: pursued] by all, professing Christians and ministers, seeming to vie with each other to outdo in their wickedness.  Mr Beecher and others at the North are now doing, the Bureau and all friends of the Freed people "much harm" (God forgive them) They are doing much to encourage these Rebels in their course. They are also doing much which tends to discourage the real Unionists at the South. Poor Fellows they have also suffered much and still dare not speak out their Union sympathies. You know little how such a  as Mr Beecher is working mischief to the cause of true loyalty in both white and black. My heart is too full for utterance and I can only with all Loyal persons express my surprise at such an unexplainable forgetfulness of and ignoring of the rights the condition of loyal men and women where present and prospective condition appeals to us all as never before for sympathy aid and protection. God will bring us into judgment for such a course. I find the school here doing as well as could be expected under the embarrassing circumstances which attend it. Mr Tukey has done all that any one could have done and the same is true of the Ladies Mrs Dunn and Miss McClean. They may be obliged to give up their present school rooms, if so I trust as good or possibly better accommodations may be secured. The school is needed (if only to educate Rebels) and is a "fixture" It needs however a reinforcement of teachers. (3) Three teachers should be sent here soon as practicable (one man if you can afford it if not three Ladies) One of the Ladies now here will of necessity be required to superintend house keeping but will aid in the schools so far as practicable. You are aware I suppose that one of the Ladies may at no far distant date sustain a much more intimate relation to Mr Tukey all of which will seem to be but perfecting arrangements for making this a pleasant and successful enterprise in the "Valley of Humiliation" this very "sink-hole of Iniquity made so by these "infernal Rebels" while God and Native have done everything to make it a Paradise--almost. Bro Hunt, dont think me ungenerous or uncharitable. My feelings are those of all northern men in or out of the Army who see how and toward what we are drifting as a Nation. My hearts wish is that I had the ability of a Webster of Choate for in that case I would not remain South but go to the North and cry out against the influence of those who are unconsciously I trust, endorsing a policy which is so apparently unjust. Pardon me if you feel that I am writing too much on the subject. You would not blame me if you understood the tithe of the evil already resulted to the Cause you and I have at heart. I feel that if those of us on the ground--the battle field--do not cry out--the "very stones" will. I ought to know from you at once how much you desire to do in the Valley (I suppose I am to interest myself in the work, but not alone for the A. M. A. still I can with propriety at least consult with you as to your wishes. The Baptist Association I predict will not do much this way as the colored people are mostly Methodist, Presbyterian  Why should no  and your  supply the demand mainly in the Valley? I shall report in person to Col Brown in a few days and  and be prepared to aid where and in such a manner as instructed. To fulfill arrangements made between the Col and Bro Alvord I suppose "I must needs go" to Washington again soon. Much should be done every where for the Bank and I would suggest whether you and the Bank could not arrange some plan for combining representatives, + sharing expense, as a permanent arrangement. Mr Tukey has spoken to me about leaving some definite understanding in reference to teachers board etc. which seems proper. He is willing to adopt any feasible plan, suggests that with five teachers your assuming house rent cost of fuel etc. the house can be so managed that board will not exceed (20) twenty dollars per month and probably will be less. My advice would be that you let Mr Tukey manage it for you, giving him such authority as shall be necessary to his acting efficiently or if you choose to instruct me in the matter I will arrange with him for you. He is disposed to liberality toward you and desires to facilitate. It is quite important however that you authorize action immediately or the house now occupied may not be held which seems very desirable. In sending teachers please oblige Mr Tukey and also the ladies here by sending if you can do so Miss Josephine E. Strong (2 [unclear: Rowe] Place Boston) who was formerly at Portsmouth and afterwards at Hampton. They desire this if you are willing to favor it. Teachers for this vicinity should come by Steamer to Richmond then by R. R.. The Ladies now here came via Washington owing to peculiar circumstances, but Mr Tukey wishes me to say that they will pay all extra expenses incurred over the cheaper route. I find there are no books here or other facilities for the school rooms which is very embarrassing and I enclose a Memo. for books etc. for them which should be sent without delay by the best route, probably by Steamer to Richmond, then by V. C. R. R. This letter is long enough and yet I have not said half I should like to.