WHERE WERE THE GUNSi' 31I
advance. I selected the salient angle of the wood in \\'hich Pickett's
line was now formed just on the left flank of my seventy-five guns. Re-
ceived note from Longstreet:
"Headquarters, July 3, 1863.
"Colonel: If the artillery fire does not have the effect to drive off
the enemy or gradually demoralize him so as to make our efforts pretty
certain, I would prefer that you should not advise General Pickett to
make the charge. I shall rely a great deal on your good judgment to de-
termine the matter, and shall expect you to let General Pickett know
when the moment offers. Respectfully,
"J. Longstreet, Lieutenant-General.
"To Colonel E. P. Alexander,
"Artillery."
"General: I will only be able to judge of the effect of our fire on
the enemy by his return fire, for his infantry is too little exposed to view,
and the smoke will obscure the whole field. If, as I infer from your
note, there is any alternative to this attack, it should be carefully con-
sidered before opening our fire, for it will take all the artillery ammuni-
tion we have left to test this one thoroughly, and if the result is unfavor-
able we will have none left for another effort. And if this is entirely
successful, it can only be so at a very bloody cost. ' '
To this received following reply, which is still in my possession:
"Colonel: The intention is to advance the infantry if the artillery
has the desired effect of driving the enemy off, or has other effect such
as to warrant us in making the attack. When that moment arrives ad-
vise General Pickett, but of course advance such artillery as you can use
in aiding the attack."
I felt the responsibility very deeply, for the day was rapidly advanc-
ing (about twelve or a little later), and whatever was to be done was to
be done soon. Meanwhile I had been anxiously discussing the attack
with General A. B. "Wright, who said that the difficulty was not so much
in reaching Cemetery Plill or taking it — -his brigade had carried it the
afternoon before — but that the trouble was to hold it, for the whole Fed-
eral army was mustered in a sort of horseshoe shape and could rapidly
reinforce the point to any extent, while our long enveloping line could
not give prompt enough support. This somewhat reassured me, as I
had heard it said that morning that General Lee had ordered "every
brigade in the army to charge Cemetery Hill," and it was at least cer-