DE TAILED FOR SPECIAL D UTY. 3 1 7
We were ordered to take a height. We took it, but under the most
withering fire that I, even in my dreams, could ever have conceived of,
and I have seen many battles. Alas ! alas ! no support came, and my
poor fellows who had gotten in were overpowered. Your uncle. Colo-
nel Phillips, behaved most gallantly — was wounded, but not seriously.
Your cousins. Captain Cralle and C. C. Phillips, are among the missing.
But for you, I should greatly have preferred to answer reveille on the
fourth of July with the poor fellows over there, and how I escaped it is
a miracle; how any of us survived is marvelous, unless it was by prayer. '
My heart is very, very sad, and it seems almost sacrilegious to think
of happiness at such a time, but let my need of your sweet womanly
sympathy and comfort in these sad hours plead extenuation, and be pre-
pared, I beseech you, at a moment's notice to obey the summons that
will make you my wife.
Two weeks later I received this letter:
CuLPEPER C. H., July 23, 1863.
The short but terrible campaign is over, and we are again on this
side of the Blue Ridge. Would that we had never crossed the Potomac,
or that the splendid army which we had on our arrival in Pennsylvania
had not been fought in detail. If the charge made by my gallant Vir-
ginians on the fatal third of July had been supported, or even if my other
two brigades, Jenkins and Corse, had been with me, we would now, I
believe, have been in Washington, and the war practically over. God
in his wisdom has willed otherwise, and I fear there will be many more
blood-drenched fields and broken hearts before the end does come.
I wrote to you on Wednesday by Colonel Harrison, who went to Rich-
mond via Luray. I came on with my division, occupying both gaps of Front
Royal, Manassas and Chester, where we had a brilliant skirmish with
the enemy. For three days and nights I have been almost constantly in
the saddle. Last night, the zzd, I had a tent pitched, and sat down to a
meal at a camp-table, the first time since leaving Bunker Hill. We had
been going ' ' al fresco. ' ' When we did sleep it was with the heavens
for a canopy and a fence-rail for a pillow. We shall be here three or
four days, perhaps longer.
I thank the great and good God that he has spared me to come back
and claim your promise, and I pray your womanly assistance in helping
me to its immediate fulfilment. This is no time for ceremonies.
The future is all uncertain, and it is impossible for me to call a moment
my own. Again, with all the graves I have left behind me, and with all