FIVE FORKS. 397
R. H. Anderson at Sutherland's. At daylight the following morning I
started to comply with the order, but had not proceeded far when I found
the road strewn with unarmed stragglers from Wilcox's and Heth's
divisions, who informed me that the lines in front of Petersburg had been
forced. I decided immediately to follow up the river and join General
Anderson, who, I learned, had gone in that direction, striking for Amelia
Court-house. I omitted to mention that most of Ransom's brigade had
crossed the river at Exeter Mills. I reported to General Anderson on
the same day, and that night Hunton's brigade reported. They had also
been in a heavy fight and had suffered severely, though they had acted
with their usual good conduct.
From this point up to the battle of Sailor's Run (a report of which
I forwarded through General Anderson) there is nothing of any moment
to relate except occasional skirmishing and continual marching night and
day, with scarcely any rations. The second day after the battle referred
to, not being able to find General Anderson's headquarters, I reported
to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, and continued to receive orders from
him until the army was paroled and dispersed. Early on the morning of
the surrender, when the Federals made an advance from toward Ap-
pomattox Court-house, Lieutenant-General Longstreet sent to General
Heth a staff-officer (Captain Dunn) with orders to move up at once
with his division. I had the remnant of my division, some eight hun-
dred aggregate, drawn up on Heth's left, and informed Captain Dunn of
the fact, and that we would move with Heth; this he authorized, and
afterwards informed me of General Longstreet 's approval. The order
to advance was, however, shortly afterward countermanded. I mention
this fact merely to show that, even at the last, what few men of the old
division were left were willing and ready to do their utmost to maintain
the name they had so nobly won for heroism during four years of a bloody
and terrible war, in which Virginia's sons had poured out (as a sacrifice
for a liberty unfortunately not to be gained) the best blood of the proud
old State.
It is needless in this my last report of Pickett's division, to recall
to the commander-in-chief, the trials, hardships and battles through
which they have passed. Baptized in war at Bull Run and the First
Manassas, under Lieutenant-General Longstreet 's instruction, they con-
tinued to follow the lessons first taught them, oii their various marches;
in the lines about Yorktown; at the glorious battle of Williamsburg, when
they, with Wilson's Alabama brigade, withstood the advance of the whole
of McClellan's Grand Army, and absolutely drove it back; at the
Seven Pines, when they were so highly complimented by General Jos.