MEMOIR. 427
ferred to here in the occupation of San Juan had their origin in a patri-
otic attempt on the part of General Harney, Governor Stevens, of Wash-
ington Territory, and other Democratic Federal officers on that coast,
with the knowledge and zealous concurrence of Captain Pickett, to force
a war with Great Britain, in the hope that by this means the then jarring
sections of our country would unite in a foreign war, and so avert the civil
strife which they feared they saw approaching. For this purpose Captain
Pickett gladly volunteered to risk his life, and so endeavored to force the
Englishmen to open fire upon him when he first occupied the disputed
island on which the British had settlements, but which was afterwards
awarded to the United States by the Emperor of Germany, under the
Geneva Conference. It is certain that in this adventure Pickett would
gladly have spilled his blood to have averted, at the cost of a foreign
war, that civil war which he and so many others tried to avert, yet to
which, when it came, they gave their best efforts — forced into it by
their principles of honor and affection to their people.
As soon as the State of Virginia seceded Pickett resigned and re-
turned to Virginia. The military government on the Pacific coast en-
deavored to arrest him, but he made his way to Virginia, was immedi-
ately appointed colonel, afterwards brigadier-general, and in October,
1S62, was a major-general. At Gaines's Mill he was badly wounded,
leading his gallant Virginians against the Federals commanded by his
old captain. General S. Casey, under whom he had in youth gained re-
nown in the forlorn hope at Chapultepec. He signally defeated the di-
vision opposed to him. Upon his rapid recovery from his wounds he
was assigned to the command of that division of the Army of Virginia
which gained such imperishable renown, that for all time to come the
proud boast, "I am descended from one of Pickett's men," will be held
equivalent to the words in France, "One of the Old Guard, which dies
but never surrenders."
We here quote, from the Norfolk 'Virginian, an article written a
few days since, while the great soldier and paladin of the infantry of the
Confederacy lay dead in that city.
"But, "says the Norfolk Virginian, "it was the ever memorable
day of July 3, 1863, that covered Pickett and Pickett's men with imper-
ishable glory and linked their names with the noblest and saddest story
of Confederate achievements. The day rose bright and smiling on the
buoyant hopes of a brave army, till then victorious over all opposition,
and full of confidence in coming victory. It witnessed an assault which
for desperate daring has rarely been equaled in the wars of nations,
Avhen, from the hill which they had occupied, down its descent, and up