I received your letter dated May the 23rd on last Sabath & was glad to know that you had not entirely forgotten your absent friend. I wrote you a long letter whiles on the "Shanandoah Hights" one Sabath & sent the same by Dr. McChesney, which should have reached you by the time Lieut. McKanny arrived at home, but I suppose you never received it. As you only spoke of receiving a note. I have nothing of interest to write you now. Things are going on about as they were when I last wrote you. I have seen some nice ladies this week. In the evening when we go on Dress parade they begin to come in from the country & assemble on the parade ground untill it's a very difficult matter to get though the crowdin consequence of their "extension shirts". Yesterday I had the exquisite pleasure of becoming acquainted with a beautiful little girl, but she was [unclear: summoned] so with soldiers that I had no chance of cultivating it to any extent. I have had so little to say to the ladies since I left that I hardly know what way to conduct myself in their presence not being a lady's man. & this you know.  I got a letter from your dear Cousin Anne B - which I estimate very highly indeed from the fact, that she is the only lady (except your self) who has thought enough of one to write. I also received a nice rosette from her that I will endeavor to keep as long I possibly can as a token of her respect for me. You wished to know the state of my health in your last? well I am in good health. never engaged better in my life. I think that the camp life will agree with me firstrate if I can only get plenty of [unclear: provender. ] You need have no fear of my coming to the conclusion you spoke of in your last from the fact that I am no longer held (by you) with the same esteem that I have reason to believe I once was. This is my humble opinion, which I drew from the winding up of your last. I had no idea of ever hearing that thrown up to me again. I think you ought to let "by gones" be "by gones". And not harbor the idea any longer. I am very much obligated to you, for any thing you have done in endeavoring to make my stay here comfortable & agreeable. And I sincerely hope that your pathway through this life may be strewn with flowers, & that you may have a peaceful entrance at last into heaven above. I must bring this uninteresting note to a close. hoping to hear from you soon.