 I received your very welcome epistle on saturday evening & was truly glad to hear that you were in good health & enjoying your self to the extent you spoke of. I am sorry to tell you that I lost your last letter. I was taking a short walk in the evening after reading it, on very important business of which I will not now take time to notice further, but I'll tell you all about it if I live to get back to Old Augusta We have just returned this morning from guard duty. we were ordered out last night as a picket guard started between seven & eight oclock & [unclear: travailed] ; between 2 & 3 miles to an Old Mill, where we made our head Quarters . we then posted one half of them around at different points where they stood for four hours. The other half staying at the mill, not being allowed to go to sleep, as we were expecting to have an attack. some of our boys were pretty badly scared. at seven oclock we started back for our Old Quarters where we arrived at half past eight pretty hungry. we then partook of Bread & Beef with coffee to our satisfaction & now I am seated at at table in the Capt's office writing to my dear Annie, whilst many of our Boys are fast a sleep in their rooms. Billy McK. is laying close by me knocking it off at the rates of "forty miles an hour". I am so sleepy that I can't hardly see the paper myself & if I should make mistakes I hope you will excuse me. I reced a note from your cousin Anne yesterday through Mr. Craig which believe me I esteemed very much I am glad to know that the ladies are cared for by the few that are left behind. I hope you will be successful with the Old Bachelor. You must not let your cousin Annie get ahead of you, but I expect she is already ahead. as he lives so convenient to her. I understood you to say you were over with Tom. how is he & [unclear: Hamm] getting a long? notify him to hold himself in reading to go. For I think all will have to go soon. I wish you would try & get some recruits for us - tell Davis he'll have to go & he better come & join company I think you might get lotts of boys for  "Pett" you know you can do any thing in the world with him. we would like to have about fifteen or twenty more. Our comp is falling behind the others. They have been getting a number of recruits in some of the company's. Capt.  Compy is now in Shepards town I suppose they will have a good time. There's so many nice ladies there. I almost wish I was there myself. I can't remember what was in your letter, so I can't answer as I would like to. This is the only sheet of paper I have, & I have no money to pay postage so I'll have to quit. I cant get a bit of change no way nor no how but I expect its best so. For if I had, I would spent it foolishly. I must bring this filthy sheet to a close. hope to hear from you soon.