I have just finished eating my breakfast, & seated myself for the purpose of answering your very welcome & interesting letter which I received on yeseterday. The weather is quite gloomy indeed this morning, it is snowing like everything. Our Capt. had just returned from the mountain. The company all went with the exception of a few. myself being one of the few _ I have been unwell for several days with cold & sore throat. but I am considerably better this morning. what would you think of our boys having to stand out in the rain all night without shelter, or anything to eat. They went out yester[unclear: are] evening & will not return untill this evening. I tell you they had a nice time of it standing 24 hours. This thing you call soldiering is not what you think it is. Although we have had very good times considering everything - we will be mustered into service for the term of one year, from to day. Its pretty hard to think of being tied down to this place for that length of time but so it is, & so it will be I presume. Some of our boys have just come in. They say they never put over such a night in their lives. All last night was    spies pickets &  my brother Johns wife & cousin Mary  I tell you it was the greatest treat I have had since Ive left home - it was sent by  [unclear: Supple] who was at home on a furlough of seven days & returned yesterday. Ed Neig was also at home & returned yesterday. I want the young ladies of Old Providence to make me up clothing of any discription & send it down. however if I can, I will get a furlough to come home, as I have some buisness to attend to which must be done. but its a hard matter to get off on any pretence whatever. your friends are all well, so far as I know & they request me to send their love to you when ever I write. I have received but one letter from home since I left except the one I received from you. I hope you all will not forget me although I dont write often. Tell miss Jimmi I would like to hear from her at any time, that I often think of the times we used to have at your house & the school room but they are past & gone, never more to return. My position is not as bad as some of our company. I have not much duty to perform. I am orderly Sergeant of the company & then [unclear: fine] have no guard duty to perform. I have to make out reports & hand them in to the adjutant every morning - make out guard details - call the roll - parade the company - etc., etc. This is what you wished to know whether I retained the office I had when I left Staunton . I am now  of the company & would greatly prefer it to Commissary. All our big fellows have been "decapitated" - & good & a good many fellback into ranks. we are now under the strictest military discipline. cant get out at night for fear we are taken up & put into the Guard House. I have seen lotts of fellows put in, & there they have to stay untill released by their Capts. As to the prospects for peace. I hardly know what to say. we get but very little reliable information here. my own impression is that we will have to fight before it is settled & the sooner it is done the better. It is a terrible thing to think of fighting. but Virginia has done all that she could do to settle the matter without war & all to no purpose. so all I have to say is let the north pitch in. I'll sell my life as dearly as possible, & will fight for the rights of V a  while one drop of blood flows in my veins. but I must stop, as I have some duties to perform immediately. So farewell for the present. from your absent friend & lover write me as often as you can & keep me posted in the news & of our neighborhood N.B. excuse brevity