 I seat myself this morning for the purpose of writing you a short epistle. That you may acertain my whereabouts. We are stationed at the above named place, which is about 4 Mi. from "Manasses Junction" where we arrrived on friday last, which was the 18 th . We left Winchester on Thursday about 12 Oclock, travailed 23 miles to a little town named Parris. where we arrived at 1 Oclock in the night. I tell you this was the severest march we have had except one. We were so completely exhausted, that we just fell down on the ground, & in a few moments we were fast asleep. We resumed our march the next morning at day break, & arrived at "Piedmont" where we took the [unclear: cars] for this point. The rest you Kno up to our arrival here, We took on a little something to eat. & in a few moments we were on the tramp again. We took off in the direction of Alexandria & travailed about 4 miles on the lookout for the enemy. night soon overtook us, & then what a time we did have, nothing to sleep on, nothing to eat, & worse than all, we could get no water that was fit to drink. But we put up with it all without a murmer, Knowing our country's welfare was at stake. we got no sleep that night again, only what little we could get between halts, shifting our position. every hour or two the whole night this was the case the next day, which was saturday. That night however we fared pretty well - slept all the time. The next morning which was Sabath, we were called to arms, to prepare for the battle, which you doubtless have heard of ere this. It was about five Oclock in the morning when the first cannon was fired by the enemy. This they kept up for several hours, doubtless with the [unclear: view] of drawing out troops to that point. Whilst at the same time they were tryin to flank us on the left. But I am happy to say they were defeated in their design they were met by the Georgians & South [unclear: Carolinans] who held them for near two hours, but the enemy being too strong in numbers, they had to fall back, In the mean time our batteries were playing upon them beautifully General Buragard came up with a strong reinforcement, accompanied by Col. Stuarts Cavalry, & in a very short time we routed the rebels completely. They dropped Guns, Knapsacks, Overcoats, Blankets, swords, & in fact every thing that would impede their progress in retreating, Our men being in full posession of the battle ground. But Oh; what a spectacle presented itself then, to see the killed & wounded laying on the field by hundreds & thousands, was a horrid sight. But so it was I saw those with whoome I had long been acquainted, laying crying for help & for some one to take them away when it was impossible for me to do anything for them. I helped to carry poor Charley [unclear: Bell] off he had his arm & point of his shoulder torn off with a cannon Ball. Baxter [unclear: Ott] & him were killed with the same ball. I cant take time to enumerate the names of all that I saw laying dead & wounded of our men, neither do I want to call it to mind again for it heart rendering indeed to think of it. Our loss is variously estimated at from 5 to 1500 killed & wounded. Whilst that of the enemy is supposed to be from 5 to 12,000. This is awful, to think of so many men being called into eternity in a few short hours. We took about 1000 Prisoners, they are sent to Richmond to be put into custody. We also got some 60 pieces of artillery & a great many horses & wagons, also 2000 Guns [unclear: etc. etc]. Suffice it to say that it was a glorious victory we achieved on last sabath. I must close, please write as soon as you can & let me hear from you all I dont know how long we will stay here, perhaps a good while & perhaps not more than a day. its hard to tell I must close by saying that I am well & hope there may find you enjoying the same blessing. May God bless & preserve you from all danger, is the prayer of your devoted friend