 For fear that an opportunity may not present itself soon, I embrace the present moment (which is about all that's left a poor Soldier) to answer your very welcome letter which I received this morning. I had almost come to the conclusion that you were about to forget your absent friend; but I am happy to know that such is not the case. I am sorry to say that I have no news at prsent that will be of interest to you. You will percieve by the heading of my letter that we have changed our camp. We moved to this which is only about 6 miles from our former one. The change was not a very good one in many respects. The locality is not healthy at all, being low & damp. There has been two cases of fever & [unclear: agne] since we arrived, in Capt.  Company C, & I fear there will be many more if we stay long. nothing special from the yankees since we arrived. There was considerable firing the day we came. but no fight as yet The 2nd Regiment has been on picket & returned. & the 4th left this morning. next comes the "[unclear: bloody] fifth", which will be in a few days from this. We will get a chance to see Washington if we dont get there. The Capitol is visible I understand to the naked eye from, the position of our pickets, Also their fortifycations - breatworks etc. They still continue to fire at each action, & occasionally some body is [unclear: hurt] too. I am of the opinion that there will be something done, & that before long Gen. Johnson has moved his "Head Quarters" to Fairfax about a mile from this & all the forces belonging to this division of the Army are closing in toward Alexandria. I saw in the dispatch of yesterday that Gen Lee had cut off about 4000 of the enemy & also their supplies. this is good news from the north West if true, which I hope it is. I must go to Well Ive just been out drinking & am so tired & lazy together. I scarcly know what to do. But this need not w you. Our Friend Capt. Craig is still very low, hardly expected to live. I intend to go up & see him some time to day if I can get of. His Wife & Brotherin law, the Revd. Christian are with him & two of our boys, so that he gets good attention You asked what had become of J. Buck? Well I believe, looks "fat & saucy". I believe all of your acquaintances so far as I know are well & in fine spirits. But I must stop for the present hoping that I may still here from you. [unclear: Lieut.] McKenny is in bed sound asleep, but I will send his love anyhow. as that's our rule. Buck will say for himself.