 I am again seated by the same old fire place, where I was when I last wrote you. We have just returned from one of the severest marches we have had since we came into the service - namely a trip to the potomack. 2 Two weeks ago yesterday there was a detachment of 4 companies from our Regiment sent to  so 4 on the Potomack, for the purpose of breaking up the dam. I was unwell at the time, consequently was left behind to take care of the baggage in company with three or four others who were in a like condition. Our company was one of the 4. they took the cars at Stephenson's Depot which is within a few hundred yards of our camp. from thence they went to Charlestown, where they stayed a day. from thence they marched through Shepards Town on to the dam which was for the time to be the scene of action. They had two pieces of the Rockbridge Artillery with them for the purpose of scaling the walls. But oweing to the fact of their being so many Yankees on the opposite shore, & the almost impossibility of breaking the dam, they returned to martinsburg (bringing with them 8 prisoners - Consisting of 1 Capt, 2 Srgts & 5 Privates. They had been sent out as a scout & unfortunately for themselves were discovered by our galant & brave Coln. Ashby who with a detachment of his Cavalry soon surrounded them & in a few moments they were our prisoners. They fought like heroes till the very last, & even after our men had taken them, one of them attempted to shoot, but it was no use.) Our men remained in Martinsburg untill the 16th at which time the rest of the Regiment joined them in Company with the whole of the Brigade. We then went to [unclear: sam so]  - which is still higher up the river. For the purpose of breaking it, in which we succeeded nobly, loosing but one man. he was a member of the Rockbridge Rifles by the name of Parks. It would be useless for me to attempt to give you a full discription of all that we saw & heard, whilst on the afforesaid expidition. suffice it to say that we had the pleasure of seeing a goodly number of Yankees. [unclear: paid] the compliments of the day by throwing bomb shells at each other & many other attractive scenes to numerous to narrate at present I must haten on to a conclusion as it is verry cold this morning so much so that I can scarcly write. I recognize a letter from Tom B. last night, was glad to hear that he was enjoying himself so much with the ladies. Hope he may be successful in winning the affections of some fair maid. I wish I could be with you all tomorrow to get something good at eat for dinner, but alas; it cant be so. How great the contrast will be with many of us this Christmas to what it was last. But I hope this will not be your lot. May you have a merry time in the [unclear: prayers] of us all. A great many of us have almost come to the conclusion to join the regular army, as there is no prospect of us ever getting home any other way. I we join the regular service we will be allowed [unclear: 60] days furlough &  of 50  which is considerable  to many - Well I must stop for the present & make some arrangements for dinner. Give my best respects to Miss Jenni & Mollie & all the rest of my lady acquaintances.