Your most welcome letter dated the [unclear: 5]th has just this moment come to hand, which believe me was read with delight & interest, it being the only one recived from any source whatever for more than a month. You have no idea how much good it does a poor soldier to get a letter from absent friends, especially those who are as near & dear as I believe you to be. I was truly glad to hear that you were in the enjoyment of your usual health. hope you may continue to enjoy the same so long as you are permitted to pilgrimmage in the wicked world of ours. Suppose that you have had a full account of the battles as manassas before this; taking this for granted I will not occupy your time with a repetition, but will hasten on to give you a brief account of our trip into Maryland. We crossed the river near Leesburg after the battles at Manassas & proceeded to Fredrick City in Fredrick County. We captured some few stores, & all the wounded & sick in Hospital, numbering some 500, the most of whom were convalescent, took [unclear: possession] of the Baltimore & Ohio Rail Road & Telegraph wires, destroyed the bridge. here we camped a few days, from thence we marched in the direction of Hagerstown to a little town called Boonsboro here we had a little skirmish with some Yankey Cavalry, which resulted in killing one & capturing one, from thence we marched to Williamsport a little town on the Potomack, where we recrossed the river, from thence to Martinsburg where there were several thousand Yanks (Longstreet & Hill Divisions remaining in Maryland) but before we reached the place they made their escape to Harper Ferry. We remained there a short time, after which we went on towards the Ferry, in the mean time Hills division marched on to the "Maryland hights," &  on the "Virginia", Jackson bringing up the rear. When we got about 3 miles of the Ferry, we could see the Yankee tents  on "Bolivar hights" - this was on Saturday evening. On Sabath morning our batteries opened on them from the hights, which was responded to by the enemy, but our men having a much higher position rendered their shot inaffective. we were then completely around them with no chance of their making an escape. Old Jack sent in a flag of truce demanding an unconditional surrender they asked till the next day. The firing was kept up all day & on monday morning our batteries opened again having changed their position, it was not long until they hoisted the white flag. Old Jack was soon in their midst, thus ended the scene - about 13,000 prisoners were taken including 1,500 Negroes, 15000 stand of small arms, 50 pieces of artillery, 1500 horses 4 or 500 wagons ambulances & a  We were then marched on to Shepardstown Crossing into Maryland were our forces were attacked by McCleland, Burnside, & in fact the whole of their army from Washington & on the 19th just one of the greatest battles of the war was fought, of which I have no time now to speak, suffice it to say our loss was very heavy, & that of the enemy eqal as heavy if not more so. I must close for tonight. If we dont move in the morning I will add a few lines more Good night god bless you.