 Your very welcome & interesting letter, (for which I have been anxiously looking for a long time) has just come to hand, the perusal of which gave me great pleasure I assure you. I had very near come to the same conclusion that you were about to come to; but I am happy to say, before I had entirely dispaired the expected document was handed me. I was just in the act of setting down to my scanty meal, but did not untill after I had read the afforesaid document, sent in the care of "Friend Tom" But friend Tom was not forthcoming. What has become of him? I suppose he got [unclear: storm] [unclear: staid] somewhere between Newport & middlebrook, or some other unforeseen accident has befell him; be that as it may, he has not turned up here yet. Well I hardly know what to write that would prove at all interesting to you. I guess you have heard all the particulars relative to our late fight before this; you spoke of having heard from all the companies in our Regt. excepting the Southern Guards, & hoped that they had not met with so many casualties as they had done in times past. I am happy to say we suffered but little, only one of our "gallant band" was wounded, (although we were under a heavy Artillery fire all the time) Namely Cyrus Lotts who had his little finger shot off by the accidental discharge of his musket in the night whilst getting a drink of water. In regard to the loss of the enemy I am unable to speak at present _ as I did not get a chance to visit the battle field; but judging fom northern Journals, they suffered a heavy loss. They admit a loss of 15000, & say that it was the greatest defeat of the war. Great dissatisfaction is prevailing at this time in the Lincoln government & it is to be hoped they will burst up in a row. The weather has been very cold since we came to this camp, but it is quite mild now. This day one week ago (being the day your letter was wrote) was one of the coldest days we have had this winter. I tell you we have had hard times since we [unclear: came] on this side of the "Blue Ridge", cant get anything in the country at all, and nothing in camp except some little [unclear: motly/notty] apples & ginger bread for which we have to pay about twenty [unclear: pieces]. I wish so much I could have been with you all a Christmas to have partook of the good things prepared for that occasion, but this privilege has again been denied me. however I had a splended dinner on that day, a description of which you can get by going to Annie B. I am happy to hear the Rockbridge Cavalry have been dismounted; for they have never rendered any service yet to the Confederacy worth speaking of. I trust they may yet have a chance to redeem their character, by performing some "heroic deeds". Everything is quiet along the Rappahannock once more. The enemy have recrossed the river, and are now occupying the same position they did previous to the fight. Hope they may continue in their present position, or return across the Potomac. Some of our Divisions are engaged in putting up Winter Quarters. I expect we will change our camp in a few days, when we will go into "winter Quarters" providing the Yankees remain quiet. I am thankful for your kind advice, but sorry to say that I have not seen a drop stronger than water, what you think of that? Well I suppose it is best so. for I might have gotten tipsy had I have gotten my will at it. Well I must close for the present, as I have gotten some oficial letters to write, that must be attended to. Excuse haste etc. &believe me to be as ever yours.