 Once more in the providence of God it is my happy privilege to seat myself (on the ground) for the purpose of holding sweet Converse with one who is dearer to me than all others in this wide world. All written words are weak & powerless to express the throbbings of a heart where love has made it home. But all this is useless. I wrote to you from Martinsburg on my way down, [unclear: but] so I was not posted in regard to the Casualties of our Regt. & more particularly of our Company. I will again endeaver to give you a more full account. Our Regt. lost 5 killed 58 wounded & some 8 or 10 missing. In our Company we had one killed, namely, Benson Buchanan. Also 10 wounded, only 3 of them are considered bad, namely James Furn, John A. Wilson, & Charley [unclear: McGuppin] Furn, & Wilson are in the hands of the enemy, with John Clemmer who was slightly wounded & left to wait on them. The rest of them have gone home excepting 2 who were so slightly wounded that they would not leave. 4 of the company are missing & doubtless taken prisoners, namely, D.A. Black, L.V. Nupanan, D. A. Spitter, & Franklin [unclear: Carson]. I left the same day that I wrote you before & met with the boys in Nagerstown the night following. They seemed to be very glad indeed, and I assure you I was equally as much so to see them. The first thing that they said after asking me for a chew of tobacco (for which they were almost starved) was, if I got married while at home, of course I told them no, but some of them believe yet that I was. I tell you our boys have had a hard time sure, since they left Fredricksburg. They have been on the march for more than a month, during which time they have not had a change of clothes, they are now both dirty & ragged, & a great many of them barefooted, yet notwithstanding all these things they seem to be very cheerful indeed. We drew up in line of battle this side of Nagerstown & fortified where we remained two days waiting for the enemy to attack us but this they did not do, excepting to skirmish a little, & on Tuesday morning about day eight we crossed the river at Williamsport. waiding it up to our shoulders. We are now about six miles this side of Martinsburg in camp, how long we will remain at this place I cant say. It is thought by some the yankees are making for Fredricksburg again, if so we will be on the march for that place in a few days. There is some canonading in the direction of Harpers ferry this evening It may be the yankee Cavalry are trying to cross. The 12 th  Va Cavalry had a fight there on yesterday in which Ash Harman it is said was mortally wounded, & left with the enemy. Capt Strickler & nearly all of his Company were taken prisoners in the late fight. John Muck had his left arm shattered, it was amputated above the elbow & near the shoulder. I saw all the Rockbridge boys a day or two ago. Also Sam Thompson, they are all well. I must stop my scribling for I know you will be tired reading this, if you can read it at all. Please  dont  let any one see this.