Do not think I have forgotten to write or do not intend to answer your letter. I should have written sooner I know, but we the rest were writing from home any way besides I did not know but you would be home soon. I am glad to see by the tone of your letters that you have become better satisfied contented than you was at first, not that I think you should give over trying to 'get off' and settle down with the belief that there is no use in your doing any thing more, that you cant off any how, but I think it is best for a person not to appear restless and uneasy. They should be determined, firm, but calm and composed. I do think it strange that Adam Steele has succeeded in getting off (whether on detail or how he did get off I do not know) and you cannot, but I hope your time will come yet, and may be soon, some have taken away their wool others are leaving it with the expectation that you will be home to card for them yet this winter All seem to be astonished that the authorities have not let you off before now. I am glad you have met with Lieut Hull, probably he can be of some service to you, he might know how to help you to get on the 'right track'. Please give him my Compliments &c. We started a box for you last week containing your overcoat flannel shirt, socks, gloves, and some eatables, hope you have rec'd them before this, the box was sent in care of Tyler & Son. Jennie also wrote to you at the same time sent by mail and told you about your box &c. She rec'd a letter from you last thursday. Uncle H was at home a few days last week. He, Frank M & Mc[unclear: Old ] Lewis were detailed to come home for some Cattle & other supplies they brought an army wagon with them for supplies (potatoes, apples dried fruit beans &c) but I think they did not get it very well loaded, the people not being willing to sell for gov't price when they can get so much more by selling to individuals they besides took a private wagon with them pretty well loaded with boxes &c for soldiers. Uncle H & Frank McNutt were transferred to Co. J 4th Reg. Lieut John H Jones commanding. I believe they consider themselves in for the war but a great many think, (and I among the rest, but you know I am always hopeful) that when the Army goes into Winter quarters that the detailed men will be sent home, but by that time Army agents &c will have all the surplus grain gathered up hauled away, or destroyed, for from all accounts they destroy enough to keep a small army some time, for the last two or three weeks the country has been nearly overrun with Army agents, (one came in just now wanting hay) Some say that for every detailed man put in the field there are three or four detailed from the army. I think the policy is bad, but I do feel sorry for men when they are trying to get supplies and dont succeed in finding any much Uncle H wants to get home to bale the Hay and haul it away. I do not whether he will succeed or not. Mr Junkin held sacramental meeting last sabbath commenceing friday he had no assistance, had a very slim congregation friday but pretty good saturday and sunday. Text on sunday in 21 st  chap John 16 v. Words 'Lovest thou me' he preached a very impressive sermon, and was listened to with attention. Oh that the word preached may find lodgment and bring deep conviction to many hearts, that many may ask themselves 'do I love Jesus & Seek Him and find Him precious to their souls. I believe I have nothing new or strange to write Aunt Mag wrote you a few lines in which I suppose she told you some news Please write soon and all the news you can and believe me to be your affectionate Neice &c