We rived home safely we just got to town as it commenced raining. I thought on my way home over what we ware talking a bout Sunday night & in the manner I Expressed my Self you Know doubt think I am Cold hearted & No affection a bout me but I am not. There is no one in this world that has a more affectionate heart then my Self Tho I do not Show the demonstration of my affections as Some do. I all wayes want you to Show your demonstration of love for me when I come to see you. Then I know you truly love me. Woman is more affectionate then man it is her nature to love. When woman truly & sincerly loves & linkes her fate with one who professed to reciprocate that love but after they are married She finds out that she has bin deceived She will pine a way from day to day for the want of that true & wholey affection which ever husband Should be Stow apon his wife & at last She dies broken hearted carring her Secrets with her to her Grave. There are thousands of Such cases happen Ever day. Man I must cinfess dos not realy Know how to appreciate the real worth of woman. The Soul of woman feeds apon love take that from her & you take her very life. Man it is difent he his throughin in to the varitey of Business & for gets for the time that they are Such a thing as love, or that he has a loving wife at home wayting anxiously for him to come & when he dos come he has no tender word of affection for the one who has wyted So pacately for him were She Expected to See a smile She Sees a frown he comes in takes of his hat Sets down & is Silent has no word of greeting for his wife what is the feelings of that wife no one has any Idea but those who has Experienced Such treetment. bouth husband & wife should Strive to make the home circle bright & Cheerful & it depends in a greate measure apon the wife to make it so. pased Ella Yesterday She spoke to me very Politely. I love you with the same unchanging devotion of heart & soul I love you with my entire heart. I love you & only you & ever shall a long as I live. I Send love to your Ma, Ada & Hamie. I Send a loving Kiss to you and love you with all my heart & soul God Bless you Good bye