Your dear & welcome letter of the 14th came safely to hand I was truly thankful to hear of your good health. I sincerly hope you Enjoyed your visit at Mr Ferror's. I Suppose you told Miss Bettie what I told you to tell her you ask me in your letter if I thought when we met Mr Sam Ferror on last Sabbath a week that you knew he was coming up to see you. I will tell you Exactly what I thought I did think So & my reason for thinking So was when I ask you to go down thear with me you hesitated Some time be fore you consented to go & when we met him on the rode you cast Several wishful glances after him & Exspresed your self in Such a manner which Lead me to bleave you ware sorry that you started with me & would have prefered Staying at home to Recd him the reason I was so quiet part of the down to Mr Ferror's was I was debating in my Mind wether I Should turn back or not I did not wish to dis disapoint Samuel nor deprive you from enjoying his Society. I thought at the time you would have preferred him to me if I mite judge from the manner in which you Exspresed your Self a bout him after he pased us. if I have judged you rongly my love I hope you will parden me for doubting your love for me this is the first time & it shall be the last. I would not have sad any thing a bout it if you had not menchened it in your letter. I do not now bleave you did know of his coming up for you sad so in your letter & I Know now that you did not know that he was coming. I hope you wont think hard of me nor love me the less for Exspresing my Self so freely apen this Subjick it Shall never be Menchened again by me I love you with Same unchanging devotion of heart & Soul I ask for no greater blesing in this world then your love I thank God for given me your love I loved you the first time I Saw you and have never for one moment Since ceased to love you and never Shall as long as I live your love is precious & holy to my soul. I will be down Saturday if I live. I want to Start a bout Eight O Clock in the Morning Tell Hamie that I sent him the Fishing Hooks down by Mr Curtis ask him if they will be a nuff of them and if they are the wright Size Magnus will come out with me we are all going to take fish up the River Ella & family are all well & Send love to you all I send love to all & a loving Kiss to you I love you with my hole heart & Soul. May Godbless you Goodbye