I would have Sent you this letter on Yesterday by Your Ma I went over to the train to give it to your Ma. I could not See her & on My return from the train I Saw your Pa & Ma going back & I thought they had Concluded to stay untill to day I did not know they had gon till Magnus came in the Store late in the Evening & told me they had gone. I was Very sorry I Missed them My love I have good nuse to tell you Mr Wartman of Harrisonburg was married this Morning to Miss Dillon of Green wood. You see my surmise has come true a bout Mr W. I told you he was looking out for a wife but you seamed to think he was not. I wish them all the happiness in this world My love I would liked to have Stayed with you last Monday I did not want to come home & I would not have come if it had not bin Court day I knew it would be a bussy day it seames like I cant leave your home when the time comes for me to go home. I would like to be with you all ways I hope the day is not far distent when I can call you my own dear wife for with you I am happy & when I am way from you I am not for I am all ways wishing My love I was with you. My love there not one hour that passes that I dont think of you. Think of the one I love best of all on Earth I love you with the same unchanging devotion of my heart & Soul My love there is no Man in this world loved Woman more truly then I love you I know you Some times doubt my love for you but if you could only See & read my heart you would never doubt it a gain for there you would See a true & devoted love for you. I love you with whole heart soul mind & Strenth I love you & you only in this world oh I do wish you knew how dear you are to me & how truly I love you. Ella & family are all well Send love to you all. Magnus will be up Saturday if he lives I think I will come up with if Can posibly get off from the Store. I rather think I will come Saturday for I want to See your dear face my love for it Seemes like it has bin a month Since I saw you my love. give my love to your ma & Pa Lolo Hamie. Tell Hamie he must come down Saturday & I will go up with him if I live. I Send a loving Kiss to you my love & love you with my whole heart & Soul. Write to me soon I love you. May God Bless you my love Good Bye