It is with the utmost diffidence that I commence a letter to you so soon after forming your acquaintance without first hving asked your permission. But Chum is in Page and I have no correspondent in Augusta to give me news from you; emboldened therefore by having heard you say; first; that when you received a letter from a friend you always answered it, and secondly that you considered me one of your friends, which two propositions combined in the form of a sylogism necessitate the conclusion that you would answer my letter. I have concluded to write, and trust to this very indirect promise. I think the conclusion which I have drawn is clearly demonstrable by any rules of logic from Aristotle to Whateley and hope you will not violate even this indirect promise. I think I heard you say some time ago that you agreed with me in thinking the prevalent prejudice against ladies and gentlemen corresponding with each other, both unreasonable and injurious; and that it was the part of wisdom to disregard it. I hope therefore that although I am asking a great favour of you you will not consider it too great a one to devote an hour occasionally to writing a letter to me. I own it is hardly fair, for you will have usually have long boring letters to read without either correction or order in the arrangement, while I cannot fail to be very much improved as well as interested by corresponding with one who has gained so young, a litterary reputation. I had the pleasure of meeting you cousins in Leuray and spent an hour or two very pleasantly in their company. In Rappahannock I called on a gentleman whom I had met only once before with the intention of staying all night but he insisted so on my remaining longer that I found it impossible to escape for nearly three days. H. B. He had a very pleasant daughter. I stopped then a day in Warrenton and saw two of my lady friends from Washington, both very strong southerners, and several gentlemen in the army from Alexandria with whom I was acquainted. Of course the time passed pleasantly and I was sorry that as my visit had already been protracted two weeks beyond my first calculation, duty bade me hurry on. I arrived at home on Wednesday about noon much to the joy of Pa & Ma and myself too in fact, for I had been away so long that I was beginning to wish for the quiet pleasures of home once more. Day before yesterday I went to Leesburg to get me a copy of Gilhams tactics but could not find one in the place and heard a gentleman say that he bought a week ago the last copy in Richmond so I sent by a friend of mine who is smuggling military stores from Baltimore for the south. I hope the abolitionists will not catch him and I will have my Gilham by next Thursday previous to that time I shall prosecute as fast as possible the study of Hardee which I shall commence to-day. I believe Virginia has now nearly as men in the field as she needs but we are talking here of organising a company to act at present as a home guard and to be called out when our services are needed. I have had the offer since my return of the captaincy of the militia but have not yet accepted. I think I shall write to Gov. Letcher this morning to know whether he will arm such a company, at once, as I mentioned above and if so commence enrolling at once. Has Mr. Sibert gotten any of his pistols made yet? I want one very much. I can neither beg, buy, borrow, nor steal a colt's revolver now. I have several letters of several week's standing to answer this morning. I hope you will therefore excuse this hurried letter and write very soon a long one in return; to your true friend