I received your letter on the evening of the day before yesterday and have been so busy ever since that although it deserved a more speedy answer it has been really impossible for me to write. We are now as you see from the place of date in camp at Leesburg. Col. Hunton said he would be up in an hour to muster us regularly into service and I have concluded to employ the interval in [unclear: inditing] you a hasty epistle. I am sitting flat on the ground with the paper resting on a very rough hand trunk which is the best substitute for an "escritoir" which I have been able to find. The novelty has not yet worn off of this manner of life and although considerably unpleasant I only amuse myself with its hardships and am perfectly satisfied. Last night there was so much noise that I found it impossible to sleep much with a soft pair of boot heels under my my head. I think it quite probable that I shall be sergeant of the guard tonight. Our fare is splendid except that the coffee is so hot that it takes all the skin off of our mouths, the butter (what little we get) is old enough to vote, the beef is tougher than sole leather and the bread is hard and stale. I knew before I came into camp exactly what I would be compelled to endure and as it is in the cause of my country I am determined not to become dissatisfied and shall do all I can to keep others in good spirits. We expect a regiment here from the Junction to-day as there are 1500 Yankees just across the river. Since I last wrote to you I have been riding nearly all the time trying to get more recruits for our company. Last Monday night I rode all night and until Noon on Tuesday I do hope the Yankees will cross the river soon for they will keep us here for some time drilling and unless the Abolitionists come over to us we will not get a shot at them. My gun has a splendid bayonette and I hope to have an opportunity to use it. You seem to think that your writing on the affairs of our nation may be disagreeable to me. I can assure you it is not. I like to hear your your opinons on every subject. Indeed among the many things which I have calculated upon to wear off the gloom of a monotonous military, or rather camp, life your letters So long and interesting have been put down for no small share. You ask about our uniform it is to be grey, trimed entirely with blue. Our company is as I believe I told you called the "Blue Mountain Boys". As I have been going round recruiting, the cowardice of some of our Virginia boys has made me wish I could swing them all to a limb. Any man who would not risk his life to defend such ladies as we have in the Old Dominion does not deserve the name of a Virginian. I am truly glad to hear that I am not yet forgotten by you; and I can assure you that in my waking dreams a form seen but three times often passes before my gaze. I am really sorry you did not answer my other question and I shall insist on a fulfilment of your promise to answer it in your next. I was told several times while I was in Augusta that you were a noted flirt and universally considered perfectly heartless; yet such reports sometimes arise without much foundation and I hope this is false. I do really think, as you say, candidly that some ladies "can be trusted" but I do not know that fact, Most that I have had an opportunity to know well were only to be trusted sometimes. And constancy is certainly the exception and far from being any thing like the general rule. I should like very much to see that love letter of which you spoke and will send it to me will promise to look "as solemn as a mule" (to use a favourite similes of a friend of mine now at Pensacola) all the time I am reading it. I never had the pleasure of receiving a real love letter in my life and have seldom seen the "rare airs". I received a long letter from Chum last week, after a terribly long silence. He spoke of returning to Augusta and joining the army. I wish he would come and join us. The drum has just beaten "to arms" and I must close this letter which I am almost ashamed to send. But I hope you will make the necessary allowances and write me a long answer very soon.