Your very long and interesting letter arrived yesterday evening and was perused with the greatest pleasure. I have several correspondents but no other, who can spare the time rather or has the inclination to write me such long and interesting epistles. You need not fear that I ever can become wearied with a correspondence which gives me so much pleasure without being the slightest inconvenience, for I do not consider it a trouble to write to you no matter how often a letter may be due you. My actions also prove this for I think I always answer your letters at the earliest possible moment after receiving them. Camp is rather duller than usual this week. Last friday night the pickets brought in the report that several hundred Yanks had crossed the river and were encamped within about eight miles of this place; we were arroused about two O'clock and two hundred of us marched off in search of them. We walked about eighteen miles; half of it in the rain and saw not a trace of the federals. We have orders now to have our knapsacks packed and be ready to march at a moment's warning; but I think it quite probable that we will be left to protect Loudon for some time yet. I hope we will not be left behind when the attack is made on Washington, for I would not miss marching in there for anything in the world, but I had rather remain here until they are ready to commence fighting at once. My cousin and I went on a pear-stealing expedition yesterday evening and managed to get about half a bushel, so green that you can hardly keep from whistling after eating one or two. But anything is good in camp. Oh! How I wish you could have wings if you would favour the 8th Regiment with a visit, of all my dear friends there is none, I would welcome with such pure, heartfelt joy, none in whose company the hours would pass so delightfully, as a fair inhabitant of Mount Solon. I would give so much to be in your company now even for a short time; to see you and freely tell all I think and feel. I fear to write all; to tell you how the image of one seen but three times, has lingered round my waking fancies, added sweetness to my dreams, and driven away the gloom which would inevitably have hung round one leading a life so indolent, and seemingly employed to so little purpose. But I must not proceed. I am almost certain that I posses your friendship and I fear to lose even it, which I prise so much by straining for more. I think I am already tolerably well acquainted with you; you posses a depth of feeling and comprehensiveness of thought of which many persons can form no conception and fortunate, doubly fortunate is he, whose love shall wake a responsive echo in your heart. You misunderstood my letter if you thought I doubted your friendship. I believe that the human race is naturally inconstant and the female portion especially so, but there are many high and noble exceptions to this general rule and I am firmly convinced that you are one. My heart is not so invulnerable, as you think, to Cupid's darts. I like the "free and sociable" way in which you write and although our acquaintance has been short I think we are far from being strangers. But to answer your question: Candidly, I do not think you are a flirt, I hope you are not. I may have "misconstrued your sentiments," but have never thought you capable of "hypocrisy": what I most fear is that I may have misconstrued them in the vain hope that you cared more for me than you really do. How I would enjoy the realization of your picture of the sail on the lake. It would be the happiest moment of my life, to hear the secrets of your heart, all of them. I would bid you love one did I not fear you would think I commanded impossibilities; one who would be willing to devote his life to securing your happiness, and consecrate every physical and mental energy to the accomplishment of your wishes. Indeed I can never become "disgusted with your sentimental strains." I could never tire with reading such letters as yours. [unclear: Yora] or Forrer, one misunderstood my message in his last; your note or rather sentence, in the corner of his letter admitted two constructions and I preferred construing it differently from the way you explained and only asked if I might. There was nothing in it to give offence in any way. I have heard nothing of Hon. John M. Botts for a long time. He is a man I never admired much. I always feard his devotion to the interests of the South was very small. I heard when I was in Augusta of the boquet which you presented him and wondered how you would like the principles, which he was then advocating. The letter which he wrote to President Lincoln was unworthy of a Southerner. I was very sorry to hear of the loss of our North Carolina forts, they were especially valuable to us as a refuge for our privateers, but in the end it may be an advantage to our cause, for it is arousing the brave sons of the old tar state and she will send thousands of volunteers into service now who would otherwise have remained idly at home, thinking the seat of war too far removed for them to offer their services. Dide you learn the name of that College friend of mine with whom your brother met? I have a great many collegemates in the army and some very dear friends. I wish paper was not so scarce and I would write to some of them, but it is a precious article in the army. One of our companies went down to the river yesterday and exchanged about a dozen rounds with the enemy. None of our men were hurt and they hope they did some execution among the federals as they were within musket range. I would not mind having a slight wound if I could only be taken to the Mossy Creek hospital. I am sure I should never think of pain if I could have your kind and tender attentions. I envy those soldiers who will be near you and hear your sweet voice speak words of comfort. But I am afraid I shall weary you this time for although I do not write so many pages as you, my mamoth sheet almost makes up the difference, and then my style, interrupted as I am every minute by some of our numerous visitors, is so much more tiresome than your free and natural manner of writing. But I know that you will overlook all my defects. Otherwise my letter should be committed at once to the flames. I have not heard from Chum now for some time, I hope I shall receive another letter soon. Please write me another of your long and interesting letters very soon. I ask no more interesting than your last. Is Miss Bettie Forrer at home now? She is a very nice young lady.