It is now nearly three years since I last wrote to you, so without any excuse hear goes.  I have no news that will interest you so I will write some thing about crops and politick and any thing that I may chance to think of,  corn & cotton crops have been very short all over the State this year. corn at this time is worth $1.25 per bushel and cotton is worth nothing. my crop of cotton will fall 20 bags short of last years. my corn crop was very good. I will have some to sell. You have heared long before this that S. Carolina has seceded, every person in the State shouts glory to God & I say, Amen. People all over the United States believed and said that S.C. was a fraid to quit the Union. they can now think what they pleas of us. S. Carolina has fifty thousan ready at this time to murch any whare they may bee kneeded. if it was even to Washington, you know enough of the history of our people to tell of what kind of material they are composed of, the worst black Republican at the North will admit that the people of S.C. will fight and history has yet to record the time and place whare an enemy has seen the back of a South Carolinian. S Carolina would be glad if all of the Slave States would secede as our interest is the same. but if they wont we are prepared to take care of our selves. The State Convention has sent R.W. Barnwell, J. H. Adams & J.L. Ovr____ Commissioners to Washington to demand the Fortes at Charleston of the President if the President will giv them up. it will bee well for man kind, for it will bee a revolution without a blood shed. but if he dont give them up S Carolina will take them let it cost what it may. I will mail three papers to you with this letter, one of the papers has the S.C. Ordinance in it. I want Franklin to commit it to memory.  Enough of politicks, let me write some thing about Fannie and the baby. Fannie's health is very good and she looks better than you ever saw her. I will say but little about our lit child for without doubt he is the finest looking child of his age that you ever saw I would bee glad for you to see him for you would then confirm what I have said. Fannie is anxious to visit you and Mary but I fear it will bee a long time first as I have not the money to spare. We both would bee more than glad if you and Mr. Mcchesney would come and spend the winter and spring with us. If Mr. Mcchesney canot come you and Franklin might and if you canotwhy then send Franklin or Johny. If you will come and spend two or three months with us I will try and let Fannie go back with you. You can come if you want to and you must come as me and Fannie are more than anxious to see you and little Adam. I will bet you any amount that I can show the finest looking boy of the two so come along and no excuse, as we are very anxious to see you. Our little boy has cut two teeth, he has never been sick a day, neither has he ever been washed in warm water, save the first time. Do come and come quickly, as I have more to tell you than you ever heared of. Mr. John Cothran died about two months ago. Me and Fannie send our best love to you all, hopeing that this will find you all well and the baby in particular. Permit me to request you to answer this as soon as it comes to hand. 