I was about to address you on the subject of schools in my Division, when your communication of 19th inst. relating thereto was received. In reply, I have the honor to make the following statement viz: On the 21st of August ult., a communication was addressed to this office by Mr. Jno. Scott of Naugatuck Conn. saying that the Am. Missionary Association desired to send him to Staunton as teacher, and requested to be informed as to what arrangements could be made for School room, board &c. Col. Jordan, not having replied to this letter, as the records of the office show, after calling a meeting of the colored citizens of Staunton, and learning what they were able to do toward supporting a teacher, &c I replied to Mr. Scott informing him that the freedpeople would see that his board was paid and that the Basement of their Church was offered as a school room &c. No reply has yet been received to this Communication although a full month has elapsed since sending it. Therefore, in accordance with a recent verbal request of Miss E. James, Agt. of A.M.A. now teaching at Harrisonburg, I informed her that there were as yet no teachers for Staunton or Waynesboro. What she will be able to do I cannot say, but if Mr. Brackett Supt of Schools for the Valley can send teachers without unnecessary delay, I would earnestly recommend it, as it would be injurious to the school interests to wait longer for the action of the Association. A large number will attend the school at this place this winter, therefore, the basement of the Church, the only place yet offered for school purposes, is not of sufficient capacity for the accomodation of the scholars, and it being [unclear: illy] ventilated is not adapted for this purpose. The body of the Church could be used without material injury and is more suitable for a school room for the wants of Staunton than any other they could procure, but there seems to be an undefined and uncalled for prejudice on the part of the many of the members against it. They do not seem to consider their poverty stricken condition and wish to adapt themselves to circumstances, but would sooner prefer that their children should remain uneducated rather than "defile" their church by its use for Educational purposes. If this prejudice could be removed, and the room used, it would not a little enhance the interests of the schools. I am using what influence I can bring to bear to accomplish this end. Books must be procured for use of this school when, if competent teachers will be sent, all the necessary preparations will have been made for the opening of the same without further delay. In connection with this subject, I respectfully ask your attention to the following statement relative to the condition & progress of school building at Waynesboro. viz: Toward the erection of the building referred to the Bureau expended $150.37 and from all the information I can gather from the records of this office I am led to infer that the authorities granting said appropriation did so under the impression that the building was to be used for school purposes regardless of any religious denomination. This building is now under the control of the Methodist (colored) and managed by Trustees of that denomination, although I am informed that the Baptist denomination, aided as much pecuniarily in erecting the building, as their opponents, subscriptions having been raised by the colored people regardless to sectarianism. The stand taken by those who have control of the building is anything but encouraging toward the prospect of opening a school for all, their aim being to make it a sectarian concern. The Baptists have no such desire, and are without delay raising subscriptions among themselves for the support of a teacher to take charge by 1st Nov. - hoping the Methodists will finally fall in and help them out. It was reported to this office a few days ago by the former owner of the ground on which this building was erected that there is yet due him for said land $50.00 which must be immediately paid "or he would give them trouble" &c. I have notified the Church trustees regarding it, although they acknowledge the debt they seem to be thoroughly frightened for consequence thereof. If the Baptists will aid them in liquidating this indebtedness, I would most respectfully recommend that orders be issued by the proper authorities, granting the use of this building to each denomination on alternate Sabbaths, and that it be used during the usual scholastic year, for school purposes without regard to any religious society, &c. I am informed a teacher will be needed there by the 1st of November. Books also necessary.