In compliance with Circular No VI - dated Head Quarters, Asst Commissioner Richmond Va January 29, 1866 I have the honor to submit the following Report of Bureau Affairs in 4th Division (Comprising the Counties of Highland and Augusta) 9th Sub District of Virginia viz: On account of the many difficulties arising between the freedmen and their Employers relative to the proper and just settlement of their accounts, this office is much sought by the former for aid and advice in forwarding their claims. I regret to say that many freedmen having confidence in the honor and integrity of their employers, have entered into verbal contracts with them, and in many instances, it is not until their duties have been performed and final settlement made that they discover themselves in the power and at the mercy of dishonest and unscrupulous men, who would not hesitate to resort to any trickery to deprive the laborer of his earnings, and thereby lay up for themselves an "honest penny" -- It is this class of men, who boastingly claim to be the colored man's benefactor & friend and who bitterly complain of the Freedmen's Bureau. The result of its withdrawal as long as this state of feeling prevails would be plainly manifested to all well disposed, and honest men. The season is now approaching when the demand for labor decreases, and many who have had steady employment through the season have already been discharged from their work, and although a majority of them have been successful in finding other employment of a temporary character sufficient to provide for the wants and necessities of their families there are still numbers who are in actual suffering and distress and to whom aid should be extended during the coming winter. By this class I have many applications daily for Clothing and other things necessary for the alleviation of their sufferings, but I have such a limited supply of the former on hand that I have been compelled to deny many applications of the needy and deserving ones in order to be able to provide for extreme cases where immediate help was necessary and essential. I am obliged to modify the opinion expressed in my last report regarding Intemperance. A more extended observation has resulted in discoveries that a more superficial man would fail to make. It cannot be denied that liquor is used to a considerable extent by the freedpeople of both sexes, but for the fact that so much is disposed of in a clandestine manner, the show of actual inebriation is much avoided. In this respect if no other have the colored people advantage over the whites, as it seems the latter take special pleasure to make themselves as obnoxious as possible while under the influence of liquor. The progress made up to this time in opening the schools in this Division is not very gratifying. The colored people in some localities are doing all in their power toward the futherance of this object, but their limited means prevents their doing very much. Efforts are being made to open schools in Greenville & Westview, but the extreme difficulty in procuring rooms for the purpose, has prevented their suc- cess as yet. If the prejudices of the white population against the Educational interests of the freedpeople were not so great less difficulty would be experienced in establishing these schools, and the freedmen benefitted and encouraged. But viewing matters in their present light, unless pecuniary aid is afforded these people by the Bureau or some Charitable Association there is little hope of opening many schools in this Division this winter and the progress & enlightenment of the race greatly retarded.