In compliance with Circular No 6 dated HeadQuarters Asst Commissioner Richmond Va Jany 29, 1866 - I have the honor to submit the following report of Freedmens Affairs in 4th Div (Comprising the Counties of Highland and Augusta) 9th Sub Dist. Va. - viz. In consideration of the fact that the Fall work is not yet completed - the freedmen as a general thing are well and lucratively employed, and will probably continue to be so until Winter approaches, when as the demand for labor decreases, many, in my opinion, will be discharged by their present employers, and left without means for the support of themselves and their families, and as the colored people, almost without exception, are obliged to rent the houses they live in (their extreme poverty preventing their owning property) - and as their landlords universally charge such exorbitant prices for their hovels and are so cruelly exacting in the prompt payment of their tenants - much suffering may ensue. Instances of this character which have come to my notice incline me to this opinion. The unmanly, ungenerous and I may add outrageous spirit manifested by many white men in settling their accounts with their colored employees seems to demonstrate the hatred and entire disregard for the welfare of the freedmen entertained by their more fortunate neighbors. There are of course honorable men among them but they can only be classed as the exceptions. As the white man is superior to the freedmen in point of intellect and self government every advantage is taken of the ignorance of the latter in making their settlements. Many colored men have suffered gross injustice, at the hands of their Employers in this manner. No matter how just may be the account, some imaginary or trivial grievance is brought into requisition which nearly or quite counterbalances it - and the colored man anxious for a settlement of some kind readily yields, and he soon finds that if he is not indebted to his supposed debtor he has little or nothing coming to him. As far as my observation has extended, I believe the freedmen, with few exceptions are an industrious & hardworking class willing and anxious to do all in their power to Elevate themselves from their past condition and become self-supporting - but they have difficulties to overcome and obsticles to surmount which the white man has not - hence their comparatively slow progress made in their advancement. Their sudden transition from Slavery to freedom found them without knowledge, property, or even implements of agriculture, with nothing but a strong arm and will to protect and sustain them against popular prejudice - and with which to gain a livelihood. Should the Bureau be withdrawn from their aid and protection at this time, while such an antagonism of feeling exists between the races, I fear the result - as far as the promotion and welfare of the colored man is concerned. I had received the impression when I first came to this Division that the necessary preparations had been made for the opening of the Colored Schools for their Fall term, but their failure of to commence the session when the proper time arrived left me to inquiry, when to my surprise, I found nothing had been done in that direction. No charitable Association has, as yet, interested itself toward the support of a school in this Division for the coming Fall & Spring terms, I therefore urged the Colored people in this vicinity to call meetings and take such means and support a school on their own responsibility. This has been done in two or three localities, but it was found that their poverty prevented their doing more than paying the teacher's board. One school, supported entirely by freedmen, and taught by a colored girl was opened on the 21st inst. at Arbor Hill, Augusta County, with this exception, there are at present no day schools in operation in my Division. In Waynesboro, Augusta County, the colored people are striving to put their church in a condition that a school may be opened there by the 15th proximo in case a teacher and books can be provided. In fact several schools might be opened in this Division during the coming winter, if it were in the power of the Bureau or some charitable association to aid them in procuring suitable school rooms and books for use of scholars. As to Intemperance, the colored population seem to be almost entirely free from it. Their failings and evil proclivities seem to develop in another direction, that of choosing mates without performing the proper marriage ceremony etc. etc.