In compliance with Circular No 6, dated Head Quarters Asst Commmissioner Richmond Va Jan'y 29. 1866, I have the honor to submit the following report of Bureau Affairs in 4th Division (Comprising Highland and Augusta Counties) 9th Sub Dist Va When it became generally known that the Bureau would close its operations on 1st January, many of those who have always exhibited or [unclear: courted] a vindictive spirit toward the same began showing their true colors, and much of the spirit of four years ago is again manifesting itself. It is true these words apply more particularly to the uneducated, yet there are those whose inteligence and wisdom in connection with their experience should have made them good Citizens, that vie with each other in the exhibition of their animosity. Much difficulty has been experienced in the collection of claims for the freedmen this month on account of the demonstration of this feeling, and on several occasions, it was only with great effort that I succeeded in maintaining the respect of the office, and impressed upon their unwilling minds that the Bureau closes no sooner than Jany 1st 1869. ---- The freedmen seem to dread the future already and many complain of their fear and anxiety, not on account of any bodily injury, but for the proneness on the part of their former employers to delay or their refusal to settle their accounts. I find large numbers, both in town and country who are suffering for want of clothing and but for the timely arrival of relief through this office, much misery would have been experienced before the dawning of Spring. All Clothing sent to this office for distribution has been issued yet many were not served who were really in need of it. The School at Staunton is in a prosperous condition & is daily increasing in numbers. Thoese in the Country continue backward on account of the scarcity of good material for teachers. Concerning Intemperance, there seems to be no observable change among the freedmen. Opinions expressed in previous reports on this subject can remain unmodified.