In compliance with Circular No VI - dated Head Quarters, Asst Commissioner Richmond Va Jan'y 29, 1866 I have the honor to submit the following Report of Bureau Affairs in 4th Division (Comprising Highland and Augusta Counties) 9th Sub District Virginia viz: Nothing has transpired during the present month calculated in any way to change the tenor or my last report. The main difficulties under which the freedmen labor are just and proper settlement of their accounts with their employers, yet through the aid and instrumentality of this office many complaints of this character have been fairly adjusted. On account of the disposition manifested toward the colored population even while the latter were under the protection of the Bureau, I fear that its withdrawal, at this time will have a very damaging effect upon the interests of the colored community. Some suffering [unclear: evidently] exists among a class of this population chiefly I think among women and children for want of the necessary clothing for winter wear. They wages in this locality are small, not averaging over $4 or $5 00  per month for females, and it requires all they can possibly earn to buy provisions and pay house rent which is exorbitant [unclear: without] parallel, Consequently nothing remains with which to provide for their warmth and comfort. Applications to this office, by females especially, have been numerous during the present month, but as all articles suitable for this class of applicants had been previously issued it was impossible to alleviate the suffering so plainly demonstrated. The Aged and indigent are also in some distress for want of proper care and provision in this respect. The County of Augusta has made provision for its paupers, but there seems to be a great disinclination to aid any except they become inmates of the Institution provided for this class of persons. -- (With the exceptions above enumerated the freedpeople seem to be doing as well and are as prosperous as could be expected.) The school at Staunton, opened on the 23rd inst under the auspices of the American Missionary Association, and taught by Mr. Jno Scotts At this time there is every prospect of a large and increased attendance over any previous term and I have no reason to doubt that a successful and profitable session will ensue. The only drawback now apparent is the want of a suitably and properly arranged and ventilated School room. The one now in use is the basement of the ME Church (colored) which in my opinion is inadequate and in almost every respect unsuitable for school purposes at this place. It is found necessary, for the accommodation of that class of colored persons who are obliged to labor during the day, to carry on a night school - at least four evenings in the week, but by present indications I fear trouble in procuring the use of this basement even for this purpose, as the Church authorities require its use for religious meetings nearly every evening. The Schools in other localities are very backward, for want of proper pecuniary support of the community. The one heretofore in operation at Arbor Hill Augusta County, the teacher was forced to close for the season on the 31st ultimo. The school at Waynesboro will probably open sometime during the coming month The slow progress made in finishing the school building and the inability to procure a suitable teacher soon has caused this delay. Intemperance does not seem to be increasing in this locality to any marked extent among the freedmen, and so long as the white population does not set them an example, I have no doubt very little can be accomplished toward overcoming this Evil.