A letter was recently received by my kinsman at Winchester from Mrs. Robert Hull of Baltimore (late Miss Thompson of Staunton) in regard to our family geneaology -- that of the family of Governor Wood, whose great grand newphew I am. I understand that Mrs. Hull is induced to believe us interested in the great English Estate of a decayed Baules and Alderman of London, and further that you have looked into the claim and given some opinion on the subject; it is said to go to the extent of an opinion favorable to a Maryland family's claim, from which family the Baliers and Tapscotts sprang, with the supposition that they were relations of our Winchester family. Of this I have doubts, tho' I beleive some sort of claim of kin used to be set up by the descendents of Judith Wood -- Baliers & Tapscotts in old times. But I should be greatly obliged to you for any information you may have on this subject. If you have a copy of the Will you can advise me of the discipliones personarum, the devices in America which would render it very easy to to settle the question of our family rights. Our ancestor James Wood was a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy, came to Virga. Secretary to a colonial Governor -- when Frederick was formed (with Augusta) in 1732, was appointed by patent Clerk of that County. His son James was a general in the Revolution, subsequently Governor of the State, and gave its name to the County in which Parkersburg is situated. Genl. Wood's only sister married Matthew Harrison, Clerk of Prince William Co., who was my great grandfather. He was great grandfather of Powell Harrison, of Staunton. One of his daughters by Miss Wood married Obed Waite, of Winchester, the other Col: Andrew Woodrow, Clk: of Hampshire, who was my grandfather. I should be pleased to learn any particulars on this subject that you may know, meanwhile I obtain the professional advice and assistance of Hon: [unclear: Reocrady] Johnson, to obtain through the British Legation at Washington Correspondence with the Secretary's office in London. Obliged as I shall be rendered by any communication of intelligence on this Subject that you can enable me, I write under the supposition, of course, that your retainer by other clients is not in an interest that conflicts with ours.