I have the honor to submit for your revision the following case with my action upon it. James Hamilton, colored, says he was a free man living in Hancock Md before the war -- was free-born -- He was captured by the rebels while driving a team in the service of the Government somewhere between Winfield and Cumberland, and taken to Harrisonburg, Rockingham Co, Va, where he was put in Jail and kept there four (4) months. In May 1864 he was sold to Mr. Wm. J. Shumate and by him taken to Staunton Va where he was kept in Jail (1) one month. When Genl. Hunter came along and Shumate took him out of Jail Handcuffed and kept him so (4) four days and nights. He lived with and worked for Shumate during one year leaving his service about the last of May 1865. I sent for Mr. Shumate who appeared and substantiated the main points of Hamilton's statements. Shumate said he bought Hamilton of Mr. Trick, Jailer, in Harrisonburgh for 505, or 510 dollars. He was sold as he understood by order of [unclear: Court]. Did not see the order knew that he Hamilton claimed to be free, and that some one in Md had answered to Jailer's letter to that effect. Knew also that he was a prisoner of war. Afterwards brought to me the bill of sale, of which the following is a true copy. "Rec'd of William Shumate - five hundred Dollars it being in full for the purchase of a Negro man named James Hamilton aged about 30 years. The write and title of which man I sell for the term of twenty years, at which he is free unless some one claiming proves a write to him as property. Witness my hand and seal this the 4th May 1864."Sigd Peter Trick (seal) Upon the facts as they thus appear and in the view of the fact that this Shumate was a trader in doubtful "property" of that kind, and considering that Hamilton would probably have been released as were the other prisoners in Harrisonburg Jail by the troops under Genl Hunter had not Shumate gone there and speculated in him, I decided that Shumate should pay Hamilton thirty (30) dollars per month (Hamiltons wages for one (1) year. He demured and thought Irick, if anybody, should pay and wished me to see Irick, which I did, but he is a poor, infirm old man who can recollect nothing except that he sold Hamilton to Shumate for Jail Fees by order of [unclear: Court] - the records of which have been destroyed. He claims to have been a "Union Man" but was old and could only do as he was bid. I also submit without comment a letter from Shumate's attorney Mr. John B. Baldwin, and repsectfully ask Instructions,