In order to show the exact condition of Bureau Affairs in this District, I have the honor to submit a special report on the subject of its organization. Sub-District "A" In Alleghany County there is a [unclear: Sergeant] as Agent who reports "everything working smoothly" - "there are but few out of employment, or unable" "to support themselves - the citizens are well disposed "and willing to give the freedmen a fair chance." In Bath County a Sergeant is acting agent and reports "everything working well, but some are inclined to defraud the freedmen. There is quite a large percentage that will have to be looked after and helped as the cold weather approaches." Of Botetourt County Asst Supt Tubbs says "It is difficult to make any [unclear: correct] report of this county as I have no one in it to attend to the affairs, and cannot get any one." "I have not heard from the detail you wrote to Genl Curtis for therefore my hands are tied." Having previously asked Genl Curtis to send men to Fincastle with an officer under instructions to furnish a detail at the request of Lt. Tubbs, and duly notified him to that effect, I have now instructed Lt Tubbs to at once apply for the detail and report result. I respectfully suggest the transfer of this county to the Seventh District, as it may be easily controlled from Lynchburg. Of Rockbridge County the Assist Supt, Lt. Tubbs says "There are a few [unclear: people] here that are well-disposed, and willing to assist the freedmen in making an honorable living; but the majority of them are selfish, stubborn, mean, and try to take every advantage of the freedmen that they can. Occasionally one is bold enough to say plainly, that as soon as the yankees leave they will shoot them like dogs. The Union sentiment is so small that it would require something more thorough than a [unclear: Pennsylvania] search warrant to find it &c. Sub-Dist "B" Of Augusta County, Mr Tukey Assist Supt says "the condition of affairs of the Bureau is not as good as I would wish, and yet perhaps as good as could be expected when one considers the prejudice of the citizens against the freedmen, and the lack of facilities for executing the regulations of the Bureau, meaning want of Cavalry to send for parties at a distance. I find, almost invariably, that the disposition to abase the freedmen comes from the lower and more ignorant class of people, those who were non-slave holders before the War. [unclear: G--]  have already developed the fact that the intelligence of the freedmen is much higher than that of their fellows in Eastern Virginia where schools were opened in 1861, and I attribute this to a higher intelligence of the Whites and a more lenient policy towards their slaves." In Highland County Mr Tukey says there are probably not more than one hundred freedmen and that he is promised a detail with which he will attempt the census. Only one case of destitution reported to him and that was provided for by the civil authorities. Sub-Dist "C" In Rockingham County I have been unable to accomplish much of anything. It is in this Military District of the Shenandoah, but the distance of the County seat (67 miles) and the lack of transportation and obstacles to the sustanance of troops there which cannot now be overcome, and an officer or agent of this Bureau on duty there without troops would be of about as much use now as if sent on the same mission a year or more ago. If there was any Cavalry in this command, an attempt would be made to obtain the census, but as it is there is little possibility of its being taken. In Page County there are no troops and no agent and if one should be sent unattended I doubt he would have time to make a report. It is  a mountainous region and off the mail route. But the  of the   stations at Woodstock the census was nearly completed, and a wholesale [unclear: influence] [unclear: extent], so that the freedmen are not liable to be molested or interfered with, and a large portion of the county is within [unclear: march] of Woodstock. In Shenandoah County, at Woodstock I have a new officer, Lt. Goble who relieved Lt. D. A. Smith in charge of the Sub District and whose short experience does not enable him to make a definite report. From Lt Smith - a good officer, taken from me to be made A.A.A.G. of this Military District, I learn that the freedmen are doing very will. All at work for good wages, and that there is generally, no disposition among the citizens to treat them unfairly, as they view fairness. The Whites are an intensely disloyal people, in real sentiment, and were the protection of this Bureau to be withdrawn, the freedmen would be treat pretty much as they used to be. The census of the County is nearly completed, and as there are troops at Woodstock, it will doubtless be ready for copying as soon as I receive the [unclear: pr----d] blanks. A board of agents is organized, but no report of cases tried has yet been . Sub Dist. "D" Frederick County, Mr McKenzie reports as in a flourishing and prosperous condition. "Most of the Whites are disposed to deal fairly and honorably with the freedmen. The demand for labor exceeds the supply. All of the freedmen being profitably employed except the aged, helpless persons and some children to whom rations are issued in part, the authorities not being prepared to provide for their paupers." In Clarke County there is a Sergeant as Agent, and Mr McKenzie says "Although the people are not so well disposed towards the freedmen, yet they seem willing to obey the laws and orders of the Government." - "probably because they dare not disobey them. Labor is even more scarce in this county than in Frederick, ten (10) and twelve (12) dollars per month is offered for the year. The withdrawal of the Bureau from this county would, I think, subject the freedmen to all manner of abuse and persecution from their former masters." In Warren County there are neither troops nor agent, and for similar reasons to those given in relation to Rockingham. The Assist Supt says "The sending of an agent supported by a detachment of troops would be of great benefit to the freedmen in that benighted region as I am afraid that in distant parts of this county they are subject to [unclear: imposition] and actions of injustice which are not brought to my notice owing to the great distance from this, the nearest military Post." Sub-Dist. "E" In Berkeley County there was a sergeant as agent, but he had scarcely begun his work when he with his company were sent to the Kanawah Valley in West Va. The freedmen are well treated and at work for fair wages. An agent will be stationed at Martinsburg, and the census completed if possible. The board of agents will I think be established there without difficulty. In Jefferson County, Lt. Smith says that the freedmen are doing pretty well and are generally at work for usual wages but that the whites are unwilling to concede any rights or privileges other than those enjoyed (?) before the war, and if the troops should be removed they would suffer petty persecutions and much ill treatment, particularly at Harpers Ferry and at Charleston. From this place each named the soldiers were withdrawn shortly after I had procured them to be stationed there, and just as I had arranged for the establishment of a school, to which the whites were bitterly opposed, and which I think could hardly be maintained without the presence of a supporting force. I have had great difficulty in obtaining a proper officer for this Sub District, but believe that now to have been overcome, and anticipate an [unclear: effective] superintendence of Bureau affairs in Sub Dist. E. All of which is respectfully submitted and I remain, Colonel