I have the honor to report that the condition of the freedmen in this district is generally good, and that the operations of this Bureau have positively, and by its presence negatively, added greatly to the attainment of such condition. The freedman having learned that they will be protected in the exercise of unquestionable rights and the former masters now knowing that they may not ill-treat nor unjustly use them with impunity. The freedmen have however a vague dread of being soon deprived of the assistance now given by this Bureau, and are thus repressed in their aspirations for manhood through fears of being left at the mercy of implacable neighbors, who now secretly vaunt the terrible things they will do when "the yankees" and (with undescribable sneers) the "Freedmens Bureau" are gone. The freedmen are generally at work under verbal contracts [unclear: terminating] at Christmas and are averse to written contracts for a future period, because they can hardly be induced to look beyond that time -- though I hope during this and the succeeding months to aid and persuade them to the exercise of forethough and providence -- and the prospect now is that effective labor will continue to be required in excess of the supply. Among the old and infirm and women with three or more little children, there is now considerable suffering which will increase with the approach of winter. Partial issues of rations prevents starvation but wood is also needed to defend them from the cold. The local authorities profess inability to and until compelled by law will not make any provision for the support of colored paupers, and the former masters are only prevented from setting many adrift by the knowledge that it is not permitted; although there are instances in which the old ones are cherished on account of family associations, and for long and faithful services. The Board of Agents authorized by Circular dated Richmond Septr 27, 1865 has not been organized by all the Asst. Supts. because the citizens will not act, nor serve, and can hardly be compelled to accept an invitation. For Winchester, where there are a few loyal men a Board is in successful operation with business enough for two half day sessions in a week. Its decisions are respected and enforced. The question of compensation is for the present waived but should be provided for. In Woodstock a Board is organized but is without cases for trial. The Mil. Authorities afford all the assistance in their [unclear: power] which in men, ways & means is very limited.