I have the honor to report that this District is now organized and [unclear: officered] as follows. Sub District "A" comprises the counties of Rockbridge Botetourt, Alleghany and Bath; Lt C.J. Tubbs 58th Pa Vols Assist Supt. officer at Lexington, Rockbridge Co. Va. Sub District "B" comprises the counties of Augusta and Highland; Mr. F.S. Tukey Assist Supt. officer at Staunton, Augusta Co. Va. Sub District "C" comprises the counties of Rockingham, Shenandoah, and Page; Lt. D. A. Smith 193rd NY Vols Assist Supt, officer at Harrisonburg, Rockingham Co. Va. Sub District "D" comprises the counties of Frederick, Clarke and Warren; Mr. J. H. McKenzie Assist Supt officer at Winchester, Frederick Co. Va. Sub District "E" comprises the counties of Jefferson and [unclear: Bukley]; Lt. John Olmstead 193rd N.Y. Vols Assist Supt, officer at Harpers' Ferry, Jefferson Co. Va. I have had personal interviews with the several officers commanding the Military Districts and Sub Districts embracing the counties assigned to me and received assurances of their assistance and cooperation in the promotion of the objects of this Bureau, and arrangements have made for the distribution of troops, in the best manner their limited numbers would allow, for the support and protection of the Assistant Superintendents. The Freedmen are generally at work and for able bodied men the demand exceeds the supply. Women with three (3) or more little children find it very difficult in obtaining employment and there is no authorized system of apprenticeship by which such children might be permanently provided for and the mother, disencumbered, be able to support herself. Cases of this kind are comparatively infrequent but difficult to meet when they occur because there are no vacant habitations accessible in this District and the cases are distributed over a territory which from its extent and difficult communications renders relief establishments impracticable. There will be numbers of infirm and helpless freedmen, besides some among those who were called "fire ," for whom support some local provision must be made; and I again respectfully support that the local authorities, as Overseers of the Poor, may be made to take care of them as they best can, for the inhabitants  them have a personal interest in the matter, and permit the use of vacant cabins which they would now rather burn than have them occupied under the auspices of the "Freedmen's Bureau." The freedmen are rapidly becoming familiar with and accustomed to their new relations to the Whites, and give encouraging evidence that with facilities for education, and unobstructed entry into fields of labor and business they will soon [unclear: cease] to be regarded as an incubus upon the state or as subjects for the tutelage and guardianship of everybody, particularly those whom they already surpass in patriotism.