I did not receive the communication relating to outrages until Thursday Jany 4th and as it was dated Dec 27th and the report desired by the end of that week I simply dismissed it as an impossible thing to do. Generally, the air is full of outrages on the Freedmen by the Whites, and will be until just laws are made and executed, but I understand you to mean violence, personal assaults, cruelty, of which very few cases have come to my knowledge, and then the facts were not clearly established, because the freedmen dare not testify through fear of yet greater violence. Sam Crawford, black, 60 yrs, living with Andy Crawford near Mt. Solon, Aug. Co., says that in May 1865 Pat McCarly, white, living with A. Crawford, struck him over the head with a corn-knife for [unclear: sacicing] him while at work in the barn, he shows a large scar. Jane Walker, black, 20 yrs was living with Thompson McClure near Greenville Aug. Co. who beat her with his fists, and kicked her, and that his mother threatened to beat her with a shovel because she said she wanted to visit a place instead of "Lucy" and that "Lucy might stay at home that day," which was on or about Sept 1st 1865. Mary Ann Jackson, black, 35 yrs lives with Joseph McCoomby near Stewarts Draft - Aug. Co. says he, McCoomby beats her children, and about the 1st of September he rode a horse over her boy of 12 yrs. who now bears the marks of the horses hoofs on his head, she is afraid to return, as McCoomby has threatened to shoot her if she went away and came back. Jacob McCord, one of the town police of Winchester on finding some freedchildren making a noise in front of his house threw a stone which struck Emily [unclear: Baumgartine], freedchild, in the forehead causing it to bleed freely. This about Nov. 13th 1865. Milton J. Crabill, white of New Market, Shenandoah Co on or about Dec. 1st 1865 while taking a freedman, Howard Johnson to jail on a charge of theft, and while Johnson was tied hands, and feet upon a horse, shot him three (3) times, but not fatally. At Staunton and at Harpers Ferry on Christmas day Dec. 25th 1865 there were several cases of supposed outrages but investigation disclosed the facts that all the parties were more or less intoxicated through the free use of Whiskey, and a sober witness could not be found to establish the guilt of any of the parties implicated. No other cases of the kind indicated are within my knowledge.