I have again to respectfully report the condition of affairs in this District as reasonably satisfactory in view of all the circumstances which are not favorable to the greatest efficiency, since, as a rule, the usefulness of the Bureau is in a direct ratio to the number of troops in the field. Lt. [unclear: Tubbs], assist Supt says that in Botetourt County our forces "have been withdrawn and the feelings are so bitter that it is impossible to do anything to assist the Freedmen without the presence of the military. It would be worse than useless to organize schools without protection, and there should be a school at Fincastle, the  [unclear: town]. This county is over seventy (70) miles from Rail [unclear: communication] by way of Lexington, while it is only fourteen (14) miles from Bradford Station on the Lynchburg RRoad." I therefore repeat the suggestion that it might be better controlled from the Seventh than the Sixth District. In Alleghany County the freedmen "are busily engaged trying to earn and furnish living" and have no difficulties with the citizens although there are no troops there. And this fact is properly accounted for by the [unclear: fine] freedmen, the demand for their labor, and the absence of large plantation habits and interests among the Whites, who are generally small farmers. Through the rest of this Sub District "a large percentage of the freedmen are contracting for the next years labor, but money is so scarce that the employers make their own contracts which are quite liberal to the freedmen." "I know of no paupers or vagrants in this Sub District." "During the past Christmas they have behaved so nobly that they have won praises from their bitterest enemies." Every effort to organize a Board of Agents has failed, and Lt. Tubbs thus has to adjudicate all cases, and he says "there are but few crimes committed by the freedmen." In Augusta County there is no [unclear: noticed] change. There was very nearly a riot in Staunton on Christmas day through the free use of liquors, and the fact was unmistakenly evidenced that the freedmen need protection from bad men who were but lately "masters" and "[unclear: Whites]," and who would now override any civil laws not in accordance with their notions of a White mans privilege. In Highland Co. I have but just been able to get a foothold, and temporarily stationed Capt. Wells, again at Harrisonburg who [unclear: operated] with good effort upon the peculiarly rebellious spirits there, who had succeeded in frightening away Mr McLean, a teacher of the freedchildren. I have arranged for his successor who would be maintained there so long as there is any force at my disposal. In Shenandoah Co. everything is working as well as could be expected. In Warren County I have no agent for want of troops to sustain him. An attempt has been made to establish a school at Luray, but the teacher has already asked for military support which I shall be unable to find him. In Frederick and Clarke Counties the condition of the freedmen is as each reported, good. In Jefferson and Buckley counties they are generally well off and fairly treated. Taken as a whole, the freedmen in this District are in comfortable circumstances, and conducting themselves in a highly creditable manner. Yet there are many cases of suffering among the very poor and helpless, and especially needed for their relief is fuel. I have been able to supply clothing and food to quite a large number, but the want of wood -- with the thermometer below [unclear: 0 zero] -- has been seriously felt, and great suffering has been and will be the result of our inability to afford the desired relief.