It seems to me that it will soon be necessary to modify the organization of this District and change its present anomalous relations to the Command of Genl Terry, to that of Genl Hancock and to the state of West Virginia. By the [unclear: deposition] of Genl Ayres the command of a District [unclear: embracing] Rockingham, Shenandoah, Page, Warren, Frederick, Clarke, Buckley, Jefferson and Linden Counties  upon a Major, U.S.A who is apparently desirous of fixing the [unclear: precise] relations in which Bureau officers stand to him and he to them. And he does not understand how, for instance, I can be in and exercise jurisdiction within the command of Genl Hancock yet be under the direction of yourself and Genl Terry. This is my interpretation of his remark that he does not understand the Bureau arrangements and has written for instructions, and it [unclear: seems] to me that the [unclear: ordering transactions] of the Bureau are irregular enough without the continuance of such a complication as this. [unclear: These two then] are Buckley and Jefferson Counties in the State of West Virginia. So long as Harpers Ferry was a Military Post and occupied as such I felt secure enough in the exercise of Bureau funtion with proper care and caution, but now that the [unclear: sunflower] of Military Authority is withdrawn I feel that the jurisdiction of the Bureau in these counties is liable to be questioned. By a law of W.Va passed Feby 27th 1866 it is enacted that "no person shall be incompetent as a witness on account of race or color," and there is also a law establishing free schools for colored children. These laws are not in full operation but soon will be, I trust, and there will be no need for Bureau supervision, in fact it may now be advisable to withdraw. Should this District be reorganized I suggest a Supt at Winchester for Frederick Co and in charge of Clarke, Warren, Page & Shenandoah. Also a Supt at Staunton for Augusta with (4) assistants for Rockingham, Rockbridge, Alleghany and Bath, adding Highland to Augusta. This as I think would be the best arrangement until the Valley RRoads shall be completed, probably a year hence I have given this information and [unclear: thrown] out these suggestions in an informal way so that you might initiate any action in accordance with your own opinions and desires. I have hitherto managed to avoid conflicts that I now think are likely to occur, for since I began this I have  that Genl Terry had succeeded you, as I had expected. It is a fact as far as my experience goes that the absence of an understood organization of the Bureau has [unclear: constituted] its effectiveness. The Army couldn't understand it and were afraid to oppose it. The people " " " " " " " " " If only they could have promoted to distinct, comprehensible positions they could have kept us within them and given us trouble. As an illustration, just so soon as orders come here from Genl Terry which affect this post commander they will be referred to Genl Hancock while an order from you as " Assist Comr " would be respected That - incomprehensible "Assist Comr" does the business. I am sorry your relinquished command but should yet never regret it did I not think it a wise thing to do, and were I to remain. I hope soon to hear of your action in my behalf and that you will send [unclear: Capt. White] in [unclear: Maj. Bates] to relieve me sometime between the 15th & 25th.