I have divided my District into five Sub-Districts as follows-- StauntonAugusta, Higland, Bath, Rockbridge & Alleghany Counties. LynchburghNelson, Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell Counties. DanvillePittsylvania, Henry, Patrick & Franklin Counties New RiverBotetourt, Craig, Roanoke, Montgomery, Floyd, Pulaski & Giles Counties HolstonCarroll, Withe, Taswell, Smythe, Grason, Washington, Russell, Buchannan, Wise, Lee, and Scott Counties and respectfully request that you send Officers of your Bureau to have charge of Freedmens affairs in each of the Sub Districts, the one in charge of the Sub District of Lynchburgh to be appointed by you Chief Superintendent of the entire district, to whom you will send send all your orders and who alone will report direct to you all matters relating to your Bureau in my District. Should you do this, I am confident the duties can be well performed and no clashing with the Military Authorities as I would know what orders you gave, and could send instructions to the Sub Dist. Commanders to cooperate with the Sub Superintendents in that Dist. in carrying out your isntructions. I will detail a Sergeant and a sufficient number of men for each County to report direct to and be under the orders of the Sub Supt. of your Bureau in the various Sub Dists. I cannot at present detail Officers for the duty of Sub Supts and if I did they would, I believe be quite incompetent to discharge the duties required in a proper manner. You can obtain A.Q.Ms and [unclear: C.S.s] who will remain permanently on duty while officers connected with troops are so frequently relieved and changed that they take and have less interest than is required in matters as important as are those of your Bureau. Please telegraph me what action you take in this matter. I think you will have to alter the limits of your Sub Division of the Shenandoah Valley to correspond with those of the Dept. else you will have great difficulty in arranging work for a man under  [unclear: Dept. Comdig. ]