Yours of the first came to hand last saturday I was glad to hear that you were well and still there I am in hopes you will get home soon Mr Black and Mr Cooper went to Staunton Tuesday and took your account book & your papers had just got there the day before Mr Trout thinks you will be sure to get home Henry was saying he hears some men in the army talking about getting up a petition to get you off. John Withers & J Wallace got home last Saturday, the things you sent by them come all right Mag was at the Office when the stage got there and saw John Withers. Charlotte and I were at Old Providence last Sabbath, went by Pas in the evening I asked them what Mr Newton said about your hat and they said he said he would make it as soon as he could. Phebe told me to tell you she would have written before this but she was waiting on Pa to say when he would send the apples but she would not wait any longer Harry has gone to work on the rail road and the apples cannot be sent away untill he gets back, as Alex is sick and Jim a poor wagoner. Mag is going to the Office this evening and to Mr Row's and I suppose will get your boots as he was to have them done yesterday or to day but I hope you wil get home before we have an oppertunity of sending them to you. Joe Black came home monday night & started back yesterday morning says he has joined Shermans command but he has not been in the army. Henry says to check on the bank for a thousand dollars for which exchange for specia silver will do he would have written himself but has not time he has some some grinding to do and threshing today & expect to butcher tomorrow Mag & Hannah have gone up to Mrs McNutts to prayer meeting, there is prayer meeting every thursday at some of the private houses. Mr Spencer is to be at a wedding tonight Mr Adam Brubeck & Miss Maggie Boman are to be married, one of the girls we saw in Staunton last fall. Cousin Willie Smiley has got home he suffers very much yet with his wound had gangrene in it and they put something on it to eat the disease out and it eat off one of the arteries he was at Baltimore all the time. I believe I have no news of interest to write at this time. We are all well. Davis writes that he is well and getting fat. I think that camp life must agree with him better now than it did. I will close as I cannot think any thing that will interest you, and it is almost dark. Nothing more at present but remain your affectionate Wife until death.