I seat myself this morning to drop you a few lines, in answer to yours of the 15th I was not at Pas when they got the letter but they sent it to me the same day. I was glad to hear that you were well and hope when these few lines reach you, you may still be enjoying the best of health Henry came home last night on a seven days furlough to gather up some provisions for the company he belongs to & to take down his cattle Frank McNutt came with him Henry has a bad cold & sore throat. Mag and Sister went to Staunton last Friday I would have written and sent the letter by them but I sent with them for some little things I was obliged to have and I thought I would not write until they would get back and see whether they could get the things or not. they got all I wanted except white flanel & I wish if you can get any in Richmond you would send me 4 or 5 yds. The calico you sent me came to hand all right it is very pretty indeed. Mr. Row is at home now he says he cannot make your boots without your measure you will have to send it soon or he cannot make them atal as he expects to go to the army the ninth of next month Mag went out last week to hunt the brandy & could not find it she wishes to know where it is though I suppose she will say something about it in her letter. Sister wants to know what black calico is selling at down there she wants to get a dress and there was but one peice in Staunton and it was very coarse she says if it is not too dear she would life for you to get her a dress & she will pay you in silver if you wish it. There was three men here gathering the tithe corn out of the field last week, and four men here yesterday trying trying to get wheat, and there are two wagons here now for the hay. I have not heard from Mr Newton yet whether he can let you have a hat or not Pa will see about it and I will let you know we will send you the things you wrote for as soon as we can. You spoke about getting before the board but I think if you have to stay in service you are as safe there as any place else the men in the Valley have had some very hard marching to do lately. I believe I have no news to write we are all well. Nothing more at present.