I received your letters of the 6th & 8th yesterday and was glad to hear that you were well and doing well and hope these few lines may find you enjoying the same great blessing I have been very well since you left except for the last few days I have not felt very well I was not well last night and this morning but feel better now. I think it is caused from eating liver pudding for supper last night. the rest are all well. Henry is still at home & busy as he can be threshing he has not bailed any of his hay yet but expects to get at it as soon as he can get the hoops ready, he sent to the mountain to get some hoops made but was disappointed he only got the poles and will have them to shave himself, he has written to the army to get his detail extended but has not heard from it yet. Alex was down the valley last week took down a load of apples he said he never saw as many apples at one place in his life they were just rotting. he said he did not see a man down there that he knew they had all gone to Richmond. Becca was over last night and said Mr Newton would make your hat soon but he had promised some others before you spoke and would have to make theirs first. I expect to go over to Pas next week and I will try and get him to make it as soon as possible, your boots are made but Mag thinks they are too small. I made you another pair of gloves and if you do not get home we will send you some things but I hope you will get home soon I hope you will know soon what you will have to depend upon, though I think if you do not get home there is a poor chance for others getting off. We have not got the cloth home from Staunton yet but Mr Spencer is going down Thursday and will bring it for us. I think if we dont soon get it we will not get our cloaks made before Christmas. Mag wrote to you for a pattern but I dont think I will wait for a pattern as I heard they are the same there that they are here. There has been very bad weather here for the last week snow ever since last Friday and the appearance is very good for more. Charlotte says if you want to see her single once more you had better hurry home for if you dont come soon she cannot wait. Davie B sung over at the school house last Saturday night and is going to sing tomorrow night. Mag and Hannah are at a sewing today at Mr Thomas Harris helping the girls to make their cloaks I was invited too but was not able to go I did not expect to go if I had been well. I have just finished reading a statement of the treatment of Col. L. M. Lewis when a prisoner in the north and it is the most outrageous things I ever read I wish you could see it. I commenced this letter Thursday and found I could not send it to the office and it is now Saturday. I believe I have no news except that Mr Steele & Miss Annie McNutt are to be married next Thursday. old Capt McHenry was here this morning put a black scarf on Henry [unclear: arm]. Davie Black sings at newport today and Mag is going over to the office & to the singing she is going to start, so I must close hoping you will get home soon