Yours of the 22d came to hand Tuesday and I had just set down to answer it when Estaline came from the office with the one that was written the 26th. I was glad to heare from you and know that you were well and I hope when this comes to hand yuo may still be enjoying the same great blessing. I am glad you have such a good situation, as you cannot be at home for I think it is a better place than down the Valley. Mag received a letter from Henry today he is well and Davis also. he took down a load of provision he said they were all very glad to see him he thinks it is probable that he will get home soon to attend to putting up his corn and attend to some other things I wrote to you last Thursday and sent the letter to Staunton with your box but I hope you have got them before this time we did not write to Tyler as Henry thought it was not nessessary, as the box was directed to you in care of Tyler & Son. Your cat has deserted the mill he did not like staying about there alone he went up to Mr. Blacks and Alex brought him down and took him to the mill again but he would not stay there; he is a great pet he gets up on my lap any time, and you know it is something new for me to nurse a cat, but they all say if was any other cat than yours I would nurse it. There is no one at home today except Hannah and myself. Mag and Charlotte went up to Mr Blacks on a visit Charlotte said to tell you that her and Cal are getting along finely and you need not be surprised to hear of a wedding some day. Col. Yates oldest daughter was married the 10th day this month to Charlie Cameron they had quite a jolly time. I heard one of the young ladies say she got tipsy going up to the [unclear: infare] There has been a good many marriages in the neighborhood of Fairfield I do not remember any but Mr James Shirey & Miss Eliza McCormick he said he had waited long enough on the war to close and would not wait any longer. We have had a great deal of trouble with the army agents They are here nearly every day after something there was five wagons here of Capt Oden's tuesday to be loaded with hay, but when two of them were loaded Capt Harris came and ordered them away. Mrs Hupp is talking of breaking up housekeeping and going down to Rockingham to live with her Sister but her sister thinks she had better stay up here as she has nearly every thing laid in for winter she is down at Mrs Cile's now went down to try to get Mr. Hupp's body, I guess if she goes down there she will find it very hard liveing as the yankees have been through there and destroyed nearly every thing. David Black & Thomas Christ & Jacob Hanger got hom last week Mr Black and some of the rest of the family did not know Davie when he came home he has long whiskers & mustache and is very much sunburnt. James Smith has been home for several weeks. There was sacrament at New Providence last Sabbath Mr Junkin had no one to assist him I believe there was no one joined except two black women and one of them old Dr Hamilton's. Mag says she sent a sample of Hannah's cloak in the last letter, and if that piece you spoke of being $95.00 yards is no lighter than that is and all wool it will do very well. Mag says she thinks that she thinks looked in the very place you told her and Alex was with her he took a stick and hunted about but could not find it, she thinks some one else has found it, but she will try it again tomorrow. Phebe was over last Thursday when I wrote and told me to give her love to you and tell you she would write soon. I believe I have no news to write, we are all well. it is now bed time and I must close Nothing more at present but remain your affectionate Wife until death.