I seat myself this evevning to drop you a few lines to let you know that I am well. I intended to write to you last Saturday but did not get our  until late in the evening so I put it off until this evening. I sent Robert over with the horse this morning and expected to get a letter but was disappointed he said they were all well. Mag received your letter last Thursday and one from N K Trout requesting Mr Cooper & Mr Black to go down to Staunton to attend to your papers. I suppose they would go yesterday or today. I hope that your other papers will be found  then go on and you will get home soon. Henry is still at home as busy as ever his detail was out last Thursday he had written [unclear: on] to have it extended but had not received an answer when I left Frank McNutt started back last Friday or Saturday he hardly waited until the wedding was over. Elick went to Staunton last Monday with a load of apples for his Uncle Henry and got the cloth you sent up and went round by Aunt Sallies and got some potatoes and Harriet came in the wagon with Henry  by Mr Shueys and brought Miss Eliza & Miss Kittie Anderson, so you see he had a pretty good back load. they staid with us Wednesday night and Thursday and went over to Mr Coopers that night they all went but Charlotte and I they walked and the snow was so slick they could scarcely get along several of them fell down. Miss Eliza said to tell you she missed you very much for she never had been there before when you were away from home she said to you her best respects to you I forgot to tell you in my last letter that Lieut Hull had called at the gate he did get off his horse atal and I did not see him he said he expected [unclear: to see you at] home. I have not heard from Mr Newton yet but I will try and get some one to go to see him soon and try to hurry him up. Becca & Phebe would like for you to send them $10 worth of stamps and they will send you the money in the letter, Becca says to send half of them in the first letter you write and send the rest some time again. I have just been eating some wedding cake, Sister was at two marriages this evening both at Mrs Hitts they were darkies there are a many weddings among the darkies this week, but what surprises me more than all, Senie Harper & old Walker Helso are to be married this week, he is about 60 years old and she is almost 19 I think she must think the young men will all be killed or perhaps she thought she would marry a man that was not subject to military duty. Pa said to tell you he would have sent you some apples before this time but he heard that you expected to get home if you have to stay they will send you some as soon as he can. Becca says she will write to you in a few days, Phebe wanted to write and send with mine but I told her I would rather she would wait a few days and by then you could hear oftener. I think you certainly have missed getting some of our letters for I have written twice a week nearly every week since you have been gone and Mag once nearly every week. I believe I have given you all the news I expect to be here for some time. If you find any mistakes in this letter you need not be surprised for Pa & Robert are both playing all send their love. Nothing more at present but remain your affectionate Wife until death