Ever since the receipt of your letter of 19th ult., I have been exceedingly indisposed, & unable to give you a satisfactory answer on a subject into which the state of my health necessarily intrudes as a ruling element. Allow me first to address to my very deep sense of the great honor you did me by placing me at the head of the committee to propose an address to the people of the United States, & I assure you of the devoted zeal with which I should assist in the execution of this most important task, if my health enabled me to undertake it - on my return from the Springs last autumn, I had a very violent & obstinate attack of nervous, intermittent fever, from the effects of which I am still suffering. My health is so precarious that I cannot count upon it to sustain me in any serious intellectual effort. Unless it should greatly improve, therefore, it would be impossible for me to engage in the task, which, I understand from what you say, devolves, in your opinion, on me as chairman of the committee, unless it should be otherwise ordered by the committee themselves. - If an address be expected at present, or at any early period, I must of necessity decline the preparation of it in the actual state of my health, & turn it over to the able gentlemen you have associated with me on the committee. If, on the contrary, the address be not expected now, or at some early period, anxious I am to do whatever might be in my power to justify your selection. I would still hold the matter under further advisement. - I observed, from the proceedings of your convention published in the newspapers, that the central or executive committee was to designate the time when the address should be published, and I thought it likely that they would think consider it expedient to postpone it, until the convention now in session in Richmond should close their labours, & enable us to see what sort of constitution they intend for us. But I infer from a letter received from Mr. Randolph [unclear: Tucker], a day or two ago, that an address is expected from the committee at an early day, & under these circumstances, I feel constrained to decline a task for which I have not now requisite strength, & cannot expect from my present condition, to have in any short time. I will, nevertheless, most cheerfully contribute my services as a member of the committee in consultation with my colleagues when any address which shall be proposed by any one of them. -