My letter had hardly reached the office and I was lying down suffering with neuralgia, when I heard the Genl's clear voice say "pack up." I knew what was coming and  as I was got up and went to work. we moved this afternoon some five mile towards Fredericksburg. And are in camp by the road side. I am hardly able to march but I hate to be absent at such a time and do not wish to go to the Hospital, so I will struggle on - hoping the neuralgia will leave me tomorrow - I will sleep in a house to night. The Whole Army is in motion and the great battle will soon begin. There are  notes  which I will  down as I can and send you for a letter. Good night -  Thursday-- I have had a bad day. My love-- Such a terrible pain in my eye. We moved about fifteen miles closer down ... battle had commenced on our left with Ewells Corps. His firing was terrific but  Stuart told me a while ago that the old wooden leg soldier with his veterans whipped the 4th Yankee Corps badly - Capturing 2000 prisoners and 4  -- our loss heavy. Genl. Jones (from Charlottesville) and Genl. Stafford killed. Also poor William Randolph was    of the 2nd Va. The Regt.  to lose its commanding officers. Randolph was just wounded last week. I saw him & his wife at John Ballords. They were in fine spirits. He remarked that he thought bad luck had run with the regt. long enough. He thought it would change and he escape. God, not luck, [unclear: disposer] of our lives. And he  poor fellow - has fallen another martyr to Southern liberty and his young wife, so bright and happy a few days ago, is today a widow and her unborn baby fatherless. Oh the dreary  hearts that this day has made, and the blacker day   tomorrow! I feel sad and [unclear: wretched] over it all. My  has gotten , but my heart grows sick when I think of the awful scenes around me. Genl. Lee and Genl. Stuart are in fine spirits. May God give us a victory and  this cruel war! This is a dreary  country. Most [unclear: fifty]  sickness for many miles, not a house and not an open field. Nothing but a wilderness of trees and underbrush and marsh and perfectly flat. We are in a small field by the road side about 2 miles from the city of Battle - And here are Genl. Lee and Genl Stuart's Hqrs -- and an  infinity  of wagons and artillery. But I must try to get a place to sleep. I am taking Quinine hoping to drive off Neuralgia tomorrow. Have seen Jim today. Adieau -  Friday morning -- What a din. What an uproar! -- the very heavens seem filled with sound. And in the midst of it all I sit by the road side and write to you my dear Thanking God that you do not hear what I hear, nor see what I see this awful day. The battle recommenced about sun-rise and as I write seems to be raging with intense fury. Oh how my heart sickens as I listen and think of the untold misery arising from this bloody day. Have you ever imagined a battle field and its vicinity, the throng of men hurrying to & fro, the trains of wagons and artillery passing and repassing apparently in inextricable Confusion. All is bewildering to the spectator. And yet how strange that one master mind should control all and bring desired results from this Chaos of War. At intervals there is a perfect Calm, and you might imagine all over, when suddenly the whole heavens reverberate with the clamor of the contending hords - Genl. S. has gone off in fine spirits to lead his Cavalry. May God protect him this day is my earnest prayer - It is now 8 o'clock and the last report from Genl. Lee was that he was driving the enemy back handsomely. This seems  from this sound. The firing having ceased in the centre - but Ewell is still keeping it up on the left. Longstreet came up this morning. I think we will whip them and be able to tell you tonight. My head is much easier today but I feel weak. Jim took breakfast with us. He managed to have something cooked even on the [unclear: verge] of the battle field at 5 o'clock. So far as heard from we have been successful in the day's fight - And the Yankees are falling back. The fighting has not been as continuous as I expected this morning. No artillery hardly can be used - But my impression is that the fight will be renewed tomorrow - in fact is not over for today -- firing is still going on. I am sorry to tell you Genl. Longstreet was wounded in the shoulder to day - they say by our own men. His wound is not considered dangerous. Genl. Jenkins was killed today and Col. J. Thompson Brown was. A courier is just going off and I send this. The field of battle is between Chancellorsville and Verdeersville in the Wilderness. I write again tomorrow.