I came to this place from Waynesboro several days ago, it is situated on the Virg. Central RRoad, [unclear: 21] miles west of Staunton & 18 miles East of Charlottesville, we now have all of our goods at this point. Samuel's family is here. as well as all of the Camden family. Sam went to Gordon'sville this morning where, Top Coffman [unclear: Kitite] & Mahaney also are. we expect to ship our things to Gordonsville soon it is likely I shall remain at Greenwood several days, as we can not get Cars to transport our Stores. I received your letter on yesterday directed here from Waynesboro & was very sorry to learn that Mary was sick. I hope she is better again, should you write to me direct to Greenwood Depot, Albemarle Co. Va. & if I should move to Gordonsville or Charlottesville I will have the Post-Master to forward your letter. As to the position of our Army Genl Jackson is at Conrad's Store, Rockingham Co. & the Yankees between Harrisonburg & Staunton. Genl Edward Johnson at Westview, 6 miles west of Staunton, & the Yankees at Buffalo Gap in Augusta 10 miles west of Staunton. There is a good deal of excitement among the peoplein Albemarle & Augusta Counties. people are leaving Staunton as fast as they can get off. I do not know much to write about, my whole attention is occupied with our military Stores. It is likely I may be in Gordonsville soon. & likely we may turn off at Charlottesville & go to Lynchburg. How glad I am, I paid you a visit to Madison last week as Providence only knows when I will get to see you again. Should we get to remain any time in Gordonsville, I will write to you & you must try & come & bring the children down, as I would like to see you all again, we are all so busy I fear I coud not get up to Madison, although I will do all I can to get up Tell your Pap I could'nt get any plaster, as to lime I think I coud get plenty of it in Augusta, but there is no transportation at all for any thing but goverment good, & even then it is hard work to Keep them far enough out of reach of the Yankees. Tell your Pap I should like very much to accomodate him, & will do all I can to get them. I do hope things will assume a more favorable aspect soon, as I [unclear: apare] you I am getting tired of retreating all the time. I can not hear a word from New Market half of the  out of N. M. and in Augusta & Albemarle, if you write to me Soon direct to the post- office, if you delay a day or two-direct to Gordansville-care of Capt. S. M. Sommers.