Your kind favor of Nov. the 20th came safely to hand a few days ago and as I have a few leisure moments this cold morning will try and write you few lines, not that I have any news of interest to [unclear: write] but mainly to let you all know that I am still [unclear: alive] and well. We have but little duty to do now [unclear: except] picket duty and have not had any fighting [unclear: to do] the last three or four weeks but move [unclear: camp] every day or two. Still moving back toward Richmond  of our Regiment is out on picket now, been gone a day, will be back this evening. Our picket  is twenty-three miles from where we are at camp, but we only gave to go on picket every  day and stay on three days at a time. I was detailed to go on picket when a part of our regiment  out the other day but got James Vance to go in  place by letting him ride my mair was glad to  it off for it has been very cold ever since They  and the snow is about six inches deep. Still  what we are having a could old time of it - sleeping out without tents, but we build big log fires,  make up shantys out of pine brush so you see  make out very well when it does not rain.  heard from Sam a few days ago. he was very well  would have gone down to see him but they were  and I did not know where to find them  Scott saw him he says that Sam was cooking       nice, wouldent take twenty dollars a piece for them. My pants I have swapt them off for a longer pair. I hated to part with them but they were so small that I could not ware them. [unclear: Sister] I thought that I would write this letter with [unclear: pen and ink] but my pen is so bad that I will have to finish it with my pencil I am almost ashamed to send this it is so badly written and you can see that I have nothing to write that would interest you in the least or would not fill up my letter with such foolishness--things that would not intend   but I hope you will excuse  this  and I will try and do better next and for goodness sake, dont let any persons see this [unclear: badly] written and disconnected letter. [unclear: Still] I will tell you how we are fixed about cooking there are eight of us in my mess (Asbury, Clark, , Buchanan, Bambs, Scott, and myself) and we only have  on oven to cook in--we first  our beef-- make up our bread and butter it and if we have any thing else to eat (which we have sometimes, by [unclear: buying] when we can find any thing for sale) [unclear: cook] what ever it may be all in the one  is quit a novelty to see us cooking it[unclear: alway]-- on me to make the brew, for they say that  but any of them makeing good   . Give my love to cousin Johns folks and tell Mr. Hull to [unclear: write] to me. I suppose Cousin Lizzie has quit writing to me as I wrote to her nearly two months ago and she has not answered my letter  also give my respects to Mr.  and family and my love to Miss . Tell Mollie that I wrote to her from Culpepper .