We arrived here the evening of the 29th of March, and would have written you sooner but have been on duty ever since from this fact that we were ordered out on picket and the next morning after our return to camp where we remained untill last evening. We had a very unpleasant and disagreeable time coming down for it rained and snowed on as from the time we left Salem and the night we got to camp - I do not think I ever spent as unpleasant a night in my life as I did that night - it rained on us all night and we lay here in the woods without any tents or thing of the kind in the rain, and a very cold rain it was. This morning it is snowing very    deep snow -- I wish this bad [unclear: spell] of weather had come before we left home for I think we would have gotten another week or two to have stayed at home if there had been a pretty good snow fell the   before we    but wishing  no good   declare this morning looks more like December than April well Winter  . oh well we will not have any fighting to do whilst the weather keeps bad, but we would rather see a little pretty weather now. We have not got tents yet but we are tolerably well fixed up in camp if we were not, we would be in a nice fix today, for I never saw it snow much harder in my life than it is now. Well, sis, you must excuse me for making this a short letter, as I have no news of interest to write you and the weather is so very bad that I can hardly write at all. Things are quiet along our lines and but little prospects of a fight for some days yet, and would to God that it could be settled without any more fighting. We are getting tolerably good rations now--are drawing bacon and corn meal, and a little coffee & sugar--enough to make a very good cup of coffee once a day and it well sweetened. Please excuse this short, badly written and disconnected letter and write soon, very soon and give me all the news. My love to you all and a kiss for William. Give my kindest regards to Mr. Nye & family & my very best love to Cousin John, folks. Excuse haste and write soon to 