It has been a long time since I received a letter from you, I suppose you have some on the way, but as we have been marching for the last month constantly, they have not been able to finde my camp. I received a letter from Addie yesterday also a short one from Cos. Linda. I understand you have been complayning a great deal lately. I hope you are well now, you must take good care of your health. We have had two dear Brothers taken frome us, God grant the rest may be left us. We expect to remain here a few days. This will be the first rest (of any course) we have had since we left [unclear: Gin Station] the 1st of June. Oure Horses are almost completely broken down, can scarcely drag the Guns, this morning is the first corn they have been fed for 20 dayes, as we are near the Rail now we will be able to get [unclear: good feed] for them. Mr. [unclear: Hallan] I [unclear: understand] is inquiring about Jim. him & Michael [unclear: Duregher] deserted the company in Yorke City and have not been heard of since.  Tell Ma I left a [unclear: bundle] of 25 yards of calico in New Market at the hous of Mr. D. L. Thomas. Asher left a [unclear: bundle] there too, we were not able to carry it and did not know that we would be near home. If you have an opportunity you can get the bundles from Mr. Thomas.  He is a Brother of Henry Thomas of Staunton. I am very badly off for Shirts. I have to borrow one untill I can have mine washed. I have but the one.  Our Corps is the only part of the army encamped here, do not know where the rest of the army is, it is said that we will move in the direction of Gordonsville in a few dayes. Ask Nellie why she does not write to me occasionley, I suppose bothe of you are having holiday now, Does Nellie run off as much as ever, tell her she must be a good girl. Cos John I understand is better write soon and tell me about him. We are having as many black berries as we can eat - there is an abundance of them this year. Love to all my friends, tell them I will expect to hear frequently from home now, as we are expecting the army to take a rest of a few dayes, and letters will be able to find the way to camp. Tell me all about home, every thing is interesting. does the Foundry look like old times, is the Henderson [unclear: Cupola] [unclear: tender]. Remember me to the Chaps and do write soon to your Bro.