I recd your letter last evening on my return from Craigsville, and have only time for a hasty reply. Your matters are reported to me as going on very well out at home. George goes out & looks after them. Saw Jim this evening & he says all goes on well. I was surprised to hear of your abandonment of the Memphis trip, as I understood you that it was determined on before you left. Perhaps it is as well to defer it till you have got your business more straightened up here. You ask Lumpkin to use the draft to pay the L. F. Ins. Compy. bal. due them, secured in your deed. I have no objection provided the draft is met at maturity in some way. Unless there is some certainty of its being met, I would rather you would not use it, except in case of absolute necessity. And I dont think this such a case. That Compy. Can afford to wait a little while for their money, as it is safe & bears them interest; and it will be a matter of inconvenience to me to pay the draft. I will have to pay some $600 or $700 shortly on the two Cochran judgements for the White Storehouse, & it will strap me like thunder to do it. Patton was here to day making arrangements for his part, & I will have to stand up to that of Im. & McC. On this account, I would rather you shd. not use the draft, unless you need it for some personal expenditure, in which case you know I would willingly meet it myself at all hazards. Your note to C. P. Woods for $54. must be met tomorrow by me. And another small note at Valley Bank in a few days. Under these Circumstances, with the great difficulty in getting hold of money even on good paper, of which I have a good deal on hands, you will understand why I ask you not to use the draft merely to pay off a debt, already secured by you, & that to a party not in need of the money. Will attend to your instructions in regard to the several matters mentioned in your letter, [unclear: Shff's] cases &c. A few words as to the election. I never know so rapid a setting in of a current in one direction as is going on. The Kys. are scared out of their wits. They admit that Jeff is in great danger of being beaten. My friends are so confident that they offer all sorts of bets. All the Koiner's have wheeled into line for me, old & young. We beat the Kys in the Town election last Wednesday 74 votes, and it has killed them here. Peck beat Craig & we thrashed them out with the Council. A powerful effort was made to defeat me, but I run ahead of the ticket even, on our side. Jim Bumgardner, a warm Ky man offered to bet Mike Harman on Saturday, that my majority over Ky. would not exceed you!! Mike dared him to take $1000. on an even race, but he wouldn't touch. Barring accident, I consider the thing "fixed" beyond all doubt. I shall be very little at home from now until after the election. Leave tomorrow for Waynesboro -- Back Creek &c & shall not be back till Saturday. Hope you will soon be home again. Love to Coz. Liz Mrs. Wills & all the family. We are all well.