I have no reply to my last two letters - only your answer to my Keysville letter - but no matter, I am sure you have some good excuse for the delay, and I will not scold you, nor deprive myself of the pleasure of writing to you again. Unless I dwell upon the old theme of telling you over & over again how much I am in love with you, I have not much of interest to write about, as the doings of these Yankees dont interest any of us much. I occupy most all my spare time with our daughters - Jennie & Russie. They are enjoying themselves immensely. Two or three nights of the week I take them to some theatre. The other evenings are spent in returning visits. They have had quite as many calls as they can conveniently return, and several invitations to [unclear: dismiss]. With their quiet Virginia notions and manners, they felt a little nervous at the prospect of force & ceremony of N.Y. dinner parties, but the experiences of a couple of weeks has worn it all off, & they say now "they aint a bit afraid of Yanks." Really they are meeting with so much kindness from my friends here, that they think it would be delightful to live in N. York. Today they saw say more fine jewelry & rich plate than they had ever dreamed existed. Mr Tiffany the millionaire jeweler of N.Y. is an acquaintance of mine. He called on the girls night before last, and was so kind as to come around this morning and take them through his establishment. Amongst hundreds of things he showed them was one diamond set, price fifty thousand dollars gold. A solitaire diamond $10,000. A pearl necklace $12,000. A sapphire $4500. An emerald $5500. As Mr. Tiffany is a bachelor of 50 years of age, I have urged Russie to "set her cap," so that you and I may have a rich son-in-law here to visit. How much I wish you were now my dear little wifey, and along with us here - it would add so much to my happiness, & I am sure you would will enjoy with a keen relish the pleasure of all the novelties & sights of the great metropolis. However these girls will get so well "posted up" that next spring when they accompany you on your bridal trip they can turn the tables, and matronize Mama, instead of being matronized by the old lady! As is usually the case. I look with great interest for a letter giving an account of your triumphs at the Concert & the wedding. I expect to hear that ever so many young fellows have fallen victims to your fascinations, and are pleading most eloquently with you to give up "that old widower" and cleave unto them. But you won't do any such thing, will you? Did you deliver my message to the bride, that you were soon to follow her good example? I dont know why sister Lou dont write again. And it is time I had a letter from that other pretty sister at Tallahassee, unless she is mad that you are taking the start of her. Well you know I tried to explain to her that if she had only been at home last summer, she would have been the one, but that in her absence I fell an easy victim to the other fair charmer, and it is now too late to mend the matter. I hope she is reconciled to it and will forgive my precipitancy & write to me. By the way turn over your claims on that young Cotton Broker to her. May be he will feel that "one of the name is as good as the same," and may thus escape dying of a broken heart. Bless your dear heart what would I not give tonight to sit by you a half hour and get half a dozen of those sweet maidenly kisses, on the memory of which I have lived now nearly three weeks. I do wish I had your picture to look at and kiss, but how is a picture to be obtained away off in Mecklenburg? Impossible I know. I hope it will not be long before I see you. I expect Col Flournoy here on Monday. Hope we will soon return to Virginia, and that I will spend some weeks in Mecklenburg & Brunswick Combining business & love making during some of the Cold dreary time intervening before my happiness is crowned. When you get home I will expect a letter by every mail. With love to all.