I will not wait for a reply to my Keysville letter, but write to you because I am thinking about you all the time. I wrote a long letter to Sister Lou last night in reply to a sweet, but half scolding letter I found here from her of date the 11th inst. It was in answer to my note from Richmond sending her my picture before I went to Mecklenburg. I again urged her to command you to say March. And if she does, you are bound to obey your older sister. If you do not I shall conclude you are not "a good child" as she said you were, and will not be a good obedient little wife, and you know that would be very distressing to an old fellow like me, who has been used to command - men - for I know well enough women don't require it. I reached Richmond Monday morning at 11 oclock, & left for the city at 3.30 P.M. The girls Jennie & Russie are with me. How I wish you were of the party. They are enjoying the sight seeing hugely. Tonight we were at Hallack's Theatre to see the Serious Family, one of the very best comedies I ever saw. The girls were so much entertained that they are not yet in bed at 1 oclock. I too am wakeful for I was sick last night & slept a good part of today, recovering from a bilious sick headache, the result of a cold I took in the lovely woods of Mecklenburg. When a woman promises to marry a man she gets very complete control of him. I feel that I belong absolutely to you, and you could make me do the most absurd things if you were a mind to do so. I shall not be fit for any very serious business till this state of things is reversed and you belong to me. I think the most sensible thing I could do would be not to see you again till I am to bring you away. For I find after leaving you it takes me several weeks to think of anything else. But on the other hand as I could hardly exercise enough self control to stay away four months, I suppose I shall have to take the consequences, and arrange my affairs so as to spend some time in our company business in your wilderness region, having headquarters at Lombardy Grove. I can't yet tell when I am likely to get away from this City - not in all probability for several weeks, as I shall await here the return of Col. McKaye our President from London. You don't know how anxiously I look for a letter from you. Now that your heart is mine I want to read loving words from you. I want to hear all about how you feel. What people say about us, for all such matters are a nice day's sunder & the source of infinite gossip in the neighborhood. Tell me how your old loves stand the dreadful news that you are lost to them? How many more threats are made against my life? Or will you keep the matter secret and enjoy the few remaining weeks of your freedom to flirt with the unhappy youths your ilk? I don't care how many men fall in love with you, provided you don't return the compliment - and I am not much afraid of that, as I have such unbounded confidence in your fidelity & truth. Tell me that you wrote to Sister Lou - and above all tell me everything she says in reply. Mr. Strong has promised her to spend next summer with her in V a  & the North. I wrote her to come on herself, if he could not leave so soon, early in March, and join our bridal party. I should so much like to have her along with you to prevent the natural feeling of loneliness you will have for a little while if no one of your family joins us when I bring you away. An elder sister, and above all a married sister is a dear sweet companion to a young bride in the first pangs she feels in severing forever her ties of childhood & youth & going away amongst strangers. I never see a young bride without feelings of the deepest sympathy for her; for it is a great trial to part from all she loved so much and trust her life & happiness to the keeping of untried hands. How loving & how tender should be the husband when he remembers the sacrifice made for him? You may come to me with all trust and confidence for I rightly estimate my obligations and my duties to you & no act of mine shall ever bring one tear to your eyes.