Won't you be amazed when you open this, and see from its date that I am still here in this abominable city? When I wrote you last I was on the point of departure for & then in N.Y. to attend to some important business for my brother Frank. On my return I found him here, and he is still with me. He is a large shipper of R.R. ties to this city, and is in danger of losing several thousand dollars by the suspension of his Commission Merchant here, and I am remaining to give him such assistance as I can to secure himself - and we have been so far successful that I don't think his losses will exceed $950. And we may even save that this week. This unexpected detention in N. York has been very annoying to me, and is calling down the wrath of Col. Flournoy upon my devoted head - he wishing me at home & at work on the N.&Y.W.R.R. line. I wonder if it provokes any wrath with somebody else of more consequence to me than Col. Flournoy? I wish I could know whether you feel any disappointment at my non-appearance at the promised time. If I could only hear that you were mad, and unhappy because I had not returned, it would make me as happy as a lord - for then I should feel sure that I had fond a little place at least in your heart. But if you don't care when I come, or whether I even come, it would worry me more than all these annoying perplexing delays possibly can do. I have had no reply to my last letter sent up to me from Richmond, though my letters are forwarded every day. I can only account for this from the interruptions of our mail, that the dreadful freshet has caused. I shall hope from day to day for a letter till I get away. In addition to my brother Frank's claims upon me you will see from an enclosed advertisement that my company business is also engaging much of my time. We have not yet raised all the capital we want, and I am working diligently to get it. How I wish I was a rich man and free from all business cares that isolate me from those I love. I have not even seen my children with the exception of one single night since the 1st of last May. My daughters are out of all patience with me at this long separation - and I don't wonder at it. They are still in the Valley waiting my return to Richmond. I have not yet confided to them fully my hopes and purposes in Mecklenburg. I cannot do so on paper as I wish. I must have them by my side & my arms around them when I tell them what happiness I believe is store for us all if my hopes can be realized. If you see the Richmond Whig you will see there a letter of mine copied from the N.Y. Herald last week in regard to aid for our suffering people along the James & Shenandoah. In the engrossing cares of personal & public business here, my heart is in our dear old state, and the great distress of so many I feel calls upon me to do what I can to assist them. Already my letter has been the means of sending a some thousands of dollars to Gov. Walker to buy provisions. Dreadful as the calamity has been it is a great relief to know that it has not reached your part of the state. My own immediate family are considerable losers. My brothers are damaged not less than $2000. And my old father, near 80 has had all his corn crop destroyed, besides other losses. And many of my nearest friends have been nearly ruined. This will spread and general distress has for over a week occupied so much of my thought that I have felt it was almost wicked to think only of my own individual happiness as I had been doing ever since I parted from you. And I have therefore spent several evenings in writing letters to others instead of to you, to give them such comfort as I could. What a relief and what a happiness it would be if I could tonight transport myself to your guest house and there spend a week with you that might decide the whole future of my life. But I cannot do it, nor can I for a day or two decide when I will "depart hence." Of one thing be assured that nothing but the most dire necessity, and uncontrollable circumstances could have kept me away from you so long. Although only about 6 weeks since we parted, it seems to me a year. And when I now look forward to our meeting the uncertain number of days intervening, seem like so many months. My detention here has been so long - and so much beyond what I expected that I have been ashamed to write to "Sister Lou" till I could say "I am off tonight for Virginia." Bless her dear, good heart, when I do write it shall be a letter that will compensate for this apparent neglect. Please when you write give her my love & tell her why I have not written her. Now my little darling, puzzling sweetheart, goodbye once more. Making love to you on paper is "loves labor lost." You are unmovable & imperturbable. Well I'll try another way soon. With kindest messages to all