I have time for only a very short reply to your long sweet letter of the 26th which was rec'd today. I had set my heart on writing to you a long, long letter tonight, but a little while ago I rec'd a telegram from my brother in Richmond that makes it necessary for me to go up the Hudson about 100 miles tonight. I will try to return tomorrow night - and I hope will get off to Richmond on Saturday night - though of this I am not absolutely certain. I lost several days from business lask week by being sick and it has delayed me here much longer than I expected. I need not tell you how anxious I am to get back to old V a  and especially to that remote and inaccessable old county of Mecklenburg. Your special pleading that you were only bound to answer questions in September and at no other time won't hold good. The intent and meaning of your refusal to answer when I was with you was that you must have until Sept. when I expected to be again in your county. Now the additional time that circumstances have forced me to defer my visit, only gives you more time for deliberation and me a stronger right to insist all the more earnestly for an answer. So don't flatter yourself that I am going be put off on any such special pleading. I never was so sick of New York in my life, and feel that I would not give one week with you at Lombardy Grove for a year of life here, unless you were here with me - then I could stand it. I am too tired & too hurried to make love to you a single bit in this letter. I wrote you an 8 page letter on Sunday & have it in my pocket now. When I come to read it over Sunday morning I thought you would laugh at me, when you read it, as a love sick swain and I wouldn't send it. May be I'll keep & show it to you. Yes indeed I will miss "sister" Lou terribly when I am again at L. Grove, unless you make me forget her by your own sweet ways towards me. Take good care of that "neck." You mustn't take such mad cab rides, especially if you get to musing & forget yourself. I wish you had told me what conclusions you came to in your self examinations your heart on those solitary rides. I would give anything in the world to know. You must not conclude that I am not a man of my word in failing to return to V a  in Sept. The business that detains me here is of deep concern to your part of the State, and one day may be of deeper concern to you personally. New York is slow place to conduct negotiations. I have come here sometimes to stay 3 or 4 days and have been detained as many weeks. My next will be from Richmond & will tell you when you will see me. Please answer this to R. and mark it "personal" on the outside or my brother will open & read it. I am so glad you are well again. Do take good care of yourself. And when you write to Sister Lou, give her my love. And now with kind regards to all at L. Grove, and an apology for this hastily dashed off letter.