I dont know when you will be at home again, but I reckon you will not object to find this letter there when you come, even if it should be several days old. I write with the more pleasure to you as my hand is in from writing a long letter to Miss Parke Perkins. Now wouldn't you like to see my letter to her? or at least know its contents? If I thought it would make you really jealous, I would send you a copy, for I like to see a jealous woman sometimes. But as a copy would be very long I will give you the substance. I wrote to tell her how much her poems were admired by several literary people to whom they were submitted. I had to tell her what each one said, about each little poem (three in all) and as they said a great many pretty things - and I wished to say some pretty things too it made a long letter. Then I had to tell her where I meant to have them published. Then the news & gossip of N.Y. took up a page or two and then I told her that I had made up my mind to get married soon and wanted to know what she thought of it, with her peculiar notions on that old institution matrimony. I told her if she had been a marrying woman, as she ought to have been when I first knew her, she would have caught me before I ever saw my other sweet heart who is now to be my wife - but the gig is all up now - it is too late. How often will you kiss me when we meet for telling you all this? When Miss Parke's Poems come out I will send you a copy. They are mighty pretty. Here I have been running on without telling you I have been sick all day. Took Cold Saturday night, & have not been to my office since. Getting better and hope to be out to day morrow as usual. Am going with Jennie & Russie to see the Black Crook on Thursday night. Wish you were here to go with us. By the way I dont think I have mentioned before that the ugliest old maid I ever saw, who has $300,000 in her own right is making the way easy for me if I am matrimonially inclined that way. Previous engagements out of the way I dont think the three hundred thousand would be an equivalent for the ugliness. She lives on Long Island and gives the most pressing invitations to come out often & see her, & spend my Sundays there! I am now a little hopeful that I will get back to Richmond next week, not to return to N.Y. for a long time. I want now to direct my labours to the Country between Danville and Norfolk for several weeks. When you write to Sister Ella tell her I am as mad as a hornet at her long neglect of my letter. She has not written me a line. Bless your little heart how I do want to see you, and put my arms around that little waist till you pant about it, and then kiss the panting lips till they smile. I wont write you any long letters till I get another from you. All this love making on one side won't do. You must say a little bit of it yourself. Now good night.