I am sure my reputation with you is almost gone, as a wave of truth and fixed purpose. But never since I came on here have I had it in my power to say when I would get away. At one time I was about ready to go when my brother's affairs got tangled and delayed me two weeks. During that time I became involved in matter of my own of so much importance that I could not let go and return to Virginia. Now all is arranged so that so far as business is concerned I could & would start home on Saturday. But this week the admirers of Genl Lee have held several preliminary meetings and resolved to hold here on Monday night a Minister meeting to do honor to his memory. I was appointed chairman of the committee on resolutions, and last night reported what I had written, which was received with so much favor that I was unanimously approved to present the paper to the Mass Meeting at Cooper Institute on Monday night. I begged to be let off, but no excuse would be taken & I was compelled to consent to do so. I enclose you a copy of what I wrote. It was a difficult thing to prepare anything that would be just to Genl Lee's memory and yet not offend these people. I am told I have succeeded. I shall sail from here for Norfolk on Tuesday's steamer. Reaching there on Wednesday I may have to run over to N.C. for two or three days & then up to Richmond. This will bring me so near the State Fair that I will not have time to go to Mecklenburg before the fair and stay as long as I wish. I regret this the less since receiving a letter from Col. Flournoy this week that he has certain propositions from Brunswick, Lunenburg, & Mecklenburg people about land, that he wishes me to go there and attend to in November immediately after the Fair. It will take me from 2 to 4 weeks to attend to it, and I am arranging in my mind a plan for [unclear: work] at after this Fair ends. That I will take a good horse & buggy from Richmond & I make my headquarters at Lombardy Grove & branch out from there in all directions returning two or three evenings in the week to spend a night there. I like that prospect for instead of one short visit of a few days it will give me 10 or 15 visits of a night at a time, and if I can't in that time make some impression on you, I will despair of ever doing so, and will leave Mecklenburg forever a wiser & a sadder man - wiser by teaching me the folly of asking one so young, so sweet, so good to love me - and sadder because I shall go out into the world again a man denied. There is another reason I do not regret this delay. My daughters will reach Richmond Nov 1 st  and I will have a full and comfortable conversation with them about my hopes and intentions. I wish you could be at the Fair. I want them to know you as well as I do, and am sure they will love you as tenderly. Your last long sweet letter to Richmond was sent to me yesterday. A thousand thanks for it dearest Miss Annie. I hope this will not be 8 days in reaching you. So the P.M. at Boydton guesses your N.Y. correspondent does he? & caught you so nicely. Love to all. And God bless you. I will now soon see you I hope.