You don't know how much I am grieved at your long silence. I reached here last week confident I should find a letter from you but none has come to hand. Before this reaches you I may, & hope I shall see you. Col. Flournoy left here yesterday and tomorrow I follow him to Danville. On Saturday I am compelled to return to N. York for a few days on business vital to the V.&G.W.R.R. which it would take too long to explain on paper. If it be possible for me to get away from Danville on Wednesday night, I will come down to Keysville and Thursday go to Lombardy Grove, spend the night and Friday get back in time for the down train, so as to go on to N.Y. Saturday. But so earnest is my desire to see you, and in person assure you of my unalterable affection, that I mean to do so if it is in the compass of human effort. Our R.R. affairs are in a crisis so vital to the success of the grand scheme that I have subordinated everything to that. If we can accomplish certain objects we have in view in the next two weeks it will be plain sailing for us afterwards. All this I can explain when we meet, & you will then understand what a struggle I have had between my obligations to the public and my personal happiness. One day with you would be a compensation for weeks & months of work and trouble. Should you ever be my wife our happiness is largely involved in the success of this great R.R. enterprise, for I have a fortune dependent on it. And the very love I bear you has been an additional stimulus to my efforts. Since I parted from you not one day has been at my command. It has been with me like Hood's song of the shirt "Work! Work!! Work!!!" Such a life, unblessed by the love of such a woman as you would be intolerable - but with that reward I am willing to bear it, till such such success crowns the effort as will compensate all the labor. Believing we shall meet before this reaches you I will not anticipate on paper what I shall then have to say. I have written to "Sister Lou" tonight & sent her my photograph. I enclose you one, if fate should decree that I may not deliver it in person this week. I did so hope you would be at the Fair. It would have crowned my happiness completely. My darling, if you will let me call you so, be patient with me, for I can not help the delay that has kept me from you so long. Goodbye - God bless you.