I have had to wait ever so long for a letter, but have been fully compensated today by yours of last Saturday - the 24 th . How often I thought of you that day, and the next - Christmas, and wished I was with you. I am even vain enough to believe that you would have been happier for my presence. We spent a very quiet Xmas here. And all this week has been unusually dull to me. Indeed I have been rather "under the weather" with a wretched cold, which became so bad as to lay me up all day yesterday in my chamber. Today I am better. I think it would be a most unfortuate thing for me to be taken sick where you are, before our marriage, for it makes me so cross & crabbed generally that you would discard me right away & send off to Texas for that despairing youth who has gone there to forget you & his sorrows. So next Saturday the 7th is your birth day. Why are the fates against my being with you then? It does seem to me that all my calculations upon other people miscarry. Do you know that up to this time I have not been able to get Col F from Danville to N. York, and must have him here before I can go home. I wrote two letters to him yesterday. Col. McKaye too is still in Europe. I am frank to say I am not pleased with the present condition of our Company affairs, both R.R. & Land Co. Complications are springing up that will perhaps take a great deal of time & labour to untangle. I am trying by all means in my power to put the "machines" in good running order, at great labour and infinite trouble and annoyance. I really think it was well that we did not fix definitely on March for our marriage, as my engagements and affairs do not now promise to be in such shape as early as March, as would enable me to take the season of leizure for several weeks I propose on that happy occasion. It may yet be, that within a couple of weeks when I hope to return to Virginia, I will get them so arranged, that we can even then have time to agree upon March as I originally insisted - if not then I must acquiesce in your original proposition for a later, and to all except me, a more pleasant month. But I will not tire you with the discussion again of a matter we can only settle properly & satisfactorily when I am with you. So our engagement is generally known and discussed in the County. Why not? If it does not annoy you I am sure I feel proud that your good people know how blessed I am to be the accepted lover of the sweetest girl in Eastern V a . Why did you not give me Dr Alexander's opinion, as you say it would amuse me. I know the Dr is not a marrying man and I suppose he thinks I am one most emphatically. Thank Miss Lacey for thinking so well of me as to tell you my presence would make you happier. Assure her that whatever might be the effect on you I should certainly have been very happy. It was very sweet in Ella to send me that kiss through such a channel. I shall certainly have it delivered with interest. I hope her going further south is not from any increase of her malady, but only because this winter has been so cold even away down South. Is it not delightful to know that Sister Lou is coming on to see us married? If anything in addition to the main event of the day could add to my happines then, it would be to have her present. I know how much I owe her for my good fortune, and I wish above all things for her presence to see the hopes I expressed to her crowned with fruition. I hope I shall have but few more letters to write to Miss Annie Lockett from N.Y. Continue to reply to me here until I notify you of the day of my departure, which I will do the very moment I can see my way clear to leave here and not return soon again. You speak of the dull quietness of the Country. You cannot imagine how I long to enjoy it with you. I am tired to death of this great crowded city. I so long for a few weeks back in old Virginia - not in Richmond - but in the depths of the wilderness of Mecklenburg. You make it an Eden to me. And when I get there you shall not be sad - I won't allow it.