Although it is nearly midnight I will not go to bed till I have had a bit of holiday talk with you. This has been as dull and stupid a day as you can imagine. It is too cold to go out of doors much. So I have remained in all day, reading, talking, and tonight writing several letters. I have thought if I was with you how differently I would spend the day. Thank Goodness I will not much longer be spending these long lonesome evenings away from you. I wonder sometimes if you wont get tired of being petted like a spoilt child when I get you in hand. You threatened in your last letter received nearly a week ago, that you would not write to me again soon, saying that I ought to write you 3 letters for 1 received. I have been doing that I think, but I dont see the justice of the rules, even if you have "a number of other poor fellows to attend to" - and I only you & Miss Parke to write to. By the way I wrote her a mighty sweet Xmas letter to day, which I know she will enjoy when she gets it next Friday. I wont tell you what pretty things I said to her in wishing her many a merry Christmas. When I contrast in my mind the difference in the enjoyment of this festive season down in our dear old Virginia, with what it was ten years ago, it makes me very sad. The bright joyous happy homes we then had, no longer exist. And it will be many long, long years before they are returned. I am becoming very impatient to get away from N. York. Tomorrow's steamer from Liverpool will I hope enable me almost to name a day when I will get off, though it may be two or three weeks distant. Col Flournoy has not come to N. York and writes that he will not until Col McKaye arrives from England. You must not be disheartened about the R.R. The Norfolk people, and many on the line of the Eastern end are pondering a course to embarrass & delay it very much, but they will be obliged in the end to do what we have so urgently inpressed upon them - make the necessary subscriptions, especially in lands to insure the work. If you do not get a R.R. your part of the State will become literally a wilderness in a few years more. The people cannot stay there & pay taxes on their waste lands, and live. They must build the road or go away. I want you to have thought over the subject in all its bearings, and be prepared when I come to name that all important day, so that I may then work my business into such a shape, that when we are married, I will have a few weeks of comparative leizure to bestow devote my time exclusively to the pleasure of my sweet little bride. I dont intend to permit business or anything else to separate as much. If I have much running about to do, I am going to take you along. Life is too short for people who love each other to be spending it apart. Until you are actually my wife, I can bear the Separation patiently - indeed I don't know, but that it is less painful not to meet too often & have to part again - but it will not be so when people call you "Mrs. Imboden." With a thousand kisses I wish you a happy Christmas & New Year. And trust that for many long years to come it will be in my power to make you feel that each recurrence of the season is more delightful than the last.