I regret exceedingly that my delay for a day or two in acknowledging your favour of Monday may have caused the suspicion in your mind that I could under any circumstances have thought hardly of you-- My dear friend & relative, I do most sincerely sympathise and feel with you, but censure you or reflect upon you never Oh no never--and I do most sincerely regret that I let my engagements in & out of the house, delay me in writing to you--I had fixed on this evening to write at any rate and a moment ago, in calling at the office for my letters &c found your second letter--in which, I fear you feel that I have treated you badly or unkindly--I never entertained the most remote opinion of the sort, and approve the course you have taken--I do not know that you could have done otherwise and I doubt not 'tis all for the best--I know Cousin Liz well enough to believe that she is just the sort of woman to console you and sustain you in this emergency--God bless her--I wish there were more like her--as I doubt not they will be found in emergencies--In regard to the liabilities that I may have incurred by endorsing for you my dear Cousin--do not let them disturb you in the least--I have not felt any anxiety on that account--I assure you and altho' I myself in common with all will feel & do feel this pecuniary pressure yet I hope I can get along--I wish I had it in my power to aid you in this your trying hour--I would do it most cheerfully--Bear up like a man--Let your noble wife & your interesting family nerve your energies to meet any and allresponsibilities of any kind soever--'Tis always darkest just before day & I doubt not this will in your case only be a momentary darkness--Imboden with me since I recd yours--He said to me the night I was at the Va. Hotel he wanted to talk with me about your matters--but the opportunity did not present itself before he had to leave-- I reiterate, that you must not suppose for a moment that I reflect on you in any manner whatever--No, no, not in the slightest particular. Give much love to Cousin Liz for me--and assure her in the strongest language you can use--of my undiminished love and affection for her--and the full assurance I have always entertained that she will be equal to any changes of fortune either prosperous or adverse--and Heaven grant it may soon prove to be of the former character-- I have little to communicate of interest in legislation--Have spent nearly a  discussing the reports majority & minority in regard to the public printing & adopted the latter to day cutting down the printing 25 per cent--Had a Mr. Dawson of Ga. here last night to adress the citizens on the subject of purchase of Mt. Vernon--and such a stupid & miserable bore as he proved himself to be--you could not immagine to yourself--and such a wet blanket as he has thrown over the whole subject only those who felt an interest in it, can believe--He is no relation of Hon Wm C. Dawson decd--formerly in U. S. Sen.--but is a Kentuckian by birth of Va. parents &c Wm Ballard Preston was here a day or two ago--on  for Europe--Has succeeded to a favorable extent in his mission-- Not much said in regard to the Idiotic School--There will hardly be time I fear to get it thro' unless in an extra session.  It has been snowing industriously all day--Do you have a prospect of ice? Please excuse the hurry & brevity of my letter--I want it to go by to-morrow's mail--Let me hear from you soon and believe me very truly & sincerely