In accordance with the requirements of Circular No VI from HdQrts. Asst Comr &c Richmond Va Jany 29th 1866 I have the honor to submit the following "Report" showing the condition generally of Freedmen's Affairs in the above named Division embracing the Counties of Highland and Augusta. There is in the matter of demand for labor, not only lucrative employment for all those who are disposed to work but I think from the indications that those who are seeking for good reliable hands have no difficulty in getting them at fair rates and by giving assurances of prompt payment for same. I am of opinion that if the Freedmen would take advantage of their opportunities and secure honorable steady employment at the wages offered them, and encounter no difficulty in effecting settlements they would be more successful and cheerful but although as a general thing they are employed at wages amply adequate to a comfortable support they are treated so ___ shamefully by their employers in the matters of exorbitant charges for Rent  [unclear: last] time &c that there is really but little inducement offered them to become an industrious population. I think they deserve a vast deal of credit for accomplishing what they have, toward becoming a thrifty and self supporting people especially when we [unclear: consider] the disadvantages under which they labor. It cannot be expected of any people that they should make any more rapid advancement then the Freedmen are now making in the South, when they are surrounded by every influence intended to discourage and dishearten them especially in their business transactions. When the same field to honorable ambitious industrious effort is opened to these people when they feel that they have full and impartial justice and protection under existing laws I believe they will take advantage of every opportunity within their reach and so advance as to convince their old masters even that they are capable of higher things in the scale of civilization that that of being mere [unclear: hewers] of wood and drawers of water. They certainly are becoming with their limited advantages more prominent & industrious and intelligent and in every respect show the highest appreciation of their moral and religious training. The interest taken by this race in every thing looking to their intellectual advancement certainly demonstrates one fact viz. that they are convinced that their moral as well as intellectual advancement constitutes the foundation of their future welfare, and prosperity and they look upon the Bureau as their only substantial guide, counselor & friend - guaranteeing protection to those seeking to improve their educational advantages but in seeming to the aged, infirm as well as the adults the enjoyment of their rights and privileges. Owing to the fact that the Schools as a general thing have closed temporarily during the warm months I have but little to say concerning them They were at the termination of the season in good condition, well attended, and well managed. I earnestly trust that I will be able to report double the numbers at least of Schools and Scholars before the year closes. During my experience here I have neither met with nor heard of one single instance of intemperance among this class. They seem to be entirely free from this [unclear: use] which in other localities is making such fearful [unclear: harm] with their means and morals And as far as my observation has been ex extended this fact is not attributable to their poverty &c but owing more to avoid the evil so disastrous to the fortunes & well-being of the whites in this section of the country. In conclusion I beg to remark that the interests of the Freedmen, the Loyalists and the Federal Government demands the continuance of the Bureau with enlarged powers and more extended and substantial authority.