In accordance with the requirements of Circular No. VI from Head Quarters Asst Comr B of R.F. & A.L. Richmond Va. Jany 29th 1866 I have the honor to report the following showing the condition of "Freedmen's" Affairs" in this above named Division at this date. By reason of the fact that I have been here but a short time, and consequently not sufficiently acquainted with Freedmens affairs here to enable me to make satisfactory report this must necessarily be brief and confined to those facts only which have come under my personal observation. The Freedmen as a general thing seem to be employed and industrious and so far as my observations extend they seem anxious to secure honorable, permanent employment and no doubt would make much more rapid advancement in substantial prosperity than they do make if the same liberality characterized their employers treatment that is observable in the relations existing between the white employers and the white laborers. It is a remarkable fact that the white man expects to receive the labor of the colored man for about two-thirds of what he is willing to pay the white laborers for the same service. The Colored people continue to rely upon the Bureau Officer for the settlement and adjudication of business between themselves as well as between the white and colored and seem to shrink from having their differences settled by the Courts. This I think is attributable to the fact that the white man generally is not interested in the advancement of the freedmen and is not inclined to protect his interests or to do anything looking in the directions of a recognition of their rights &c. Intemperance does not prevail to any serious extent amongst this class, in fact I am surprised to find such limited indulgence in strong drink when I remember that whisky at least in this portion of the country is at any time within the reach of the poorest. The colored people seem here to have an intelligent idea of their duties and relations to each other and daily show evidences of their appreciation of their new obligations and capacity to become a thrifty self-supporting and industrious population. They seem to be [unclear: insensible] to the influences brought to bear upon them by which to poison their minds against Government and Government officers. The School interests I am informed are in a flourishing condition and I am contemplating a tour through my Division for the purpose of developing this interest generally. This report is necessarily brief by reason of the fact that I have only been here a few days, and am therefore unable to furnish a more extended statement.