In compliance with Circular No. VI from Head Quarters Asst Comr. B of R.F. & A.L. dated at Richmond, Va. Jany 29th 1866 relating to the general condition of Freedmens affairs &c I have the honor to submit the following on the condition of same in the Counties of Augusta & Highland Va at this date. The present state of things especially in Augusta Co. indicates a healthy condition of Freedmen's affairs generally in fact I find them industriously and satisfactorily employed and encountering but few drawbacks to their material advancement & prosperity. Their interest in Churches Schools &c betray a settled determination to make all possible progress in intelligence and comparatively but few of them are indisposed to earn their bread by dishonorable employment. Intemperance among this class does not seem to me to be so prevalent as it was one month ago. Fair, reasonable wages are paid them for their labor, and as long as the employers acts fairly and justly toward them but little trouble is encountered in their business operations and but little reason is given the employer to complain of. A fair proportion of the settlements made between the farmers and laborers are made in this office and I plainly discern evidences daily of an improving slate of feeling between the races. But little time is idled away and very little interest is taken in political affairs by the Freedmen here attributable probably to the fact that they are so sadly in the minority. I have discovered that among the Agricultural people especially the greatest possible kind feeling is cherished toward the Freedmen but among the townspeople there is a vast deal of hatred cherished in fact cultivated against the race and were it not for the presence of a Government officer here I am convinced the colored people would meet with serious & frequent persecution. The most intense hostility is manifested toward the exercise of either civil or political rights by the Freedmen and from what reaches my ears daily one would imagine the people here were further away from [unclear: reconstruction] than in any portion of the South.