In compliance with Circular No VI from HeadQuarters Asst Comr B of R.F. & A.L. Richmond Va Jany 29th 1866 I have the honor to submit the following "Report" showing the condition of Freedmen's affairs in my Division at this date. The Freedmen are generally employed at fair wages and appear to be contented and have no difficulty in obtaining employment the demand for laborers being far in excess of the supply and every inducement is offered not only in honorable steady employment but at fair and remunerative wages and I am grateful to be able to state that close observation on my part has resulted in the conviction that every colored man in my field of operations who is inclined to labor is taking advantage of the opportunities offered him and is doing as well if not better than the laboring class of whites are here. The policy persisted on by me of having their difficulties adjudicated in my office has had an excellent effect and has in no little degree contributed to the promotion of more kindly feeling between the races. Intemperance does not prevail to any great extent among this class in fact since my assignment to duty at this post I have seen but two colored person under the influence of liquor and those were both from the country and happened here during one of the Circus Exhibitions. The Schools have all been temporarily closed but it is expected they will be re-opened about the 1st of Sept. The Crops are turning out splendidly - demonstrating clearly the fact that the Agricultural interests of this portion of the country have been advanced by the change in the labor system. I am still of the opinion that the necessity for the continuance of the Bureau still exists and although there are a few men here who under existing circumstances claim to be the colored mans friend &c yet I am convinced that much of the kind feeling cherished toward the race by these people is attributable to the moral effect of the presence of Government officers [unclear: Withdraw] the Bureau which now is the counselor & protector of the Freedmen and it would not be long before his condition would be as deplorable, if not more so than when he was in Slavery. It cannot be successfully concealed that there is still cherished a most bitter feeling against the colored man on the part of his old masters and as they have no other means or source through which to vent their spleen against the Federal Govt the presumption naturally arises that were the old slave owners at liberty to carry out their inclinations the colored man (in view of the white mans hatred of the Government and the negro) would have a serious time of it. This is evident from the enthusiasm at the nomination of of Seymour & Blair. Not because of any particular admiration they have for these candidates or any special love they cherish for the democratic party but simply & only by reason of the fact that the Republican party is the friend of the colored race, and the supporter and defender of the Federal Govt. So strong is this conviction fixed in my mind that I believe the mass of the Southern whites would indentify themselves with any party or any people if by doing so they could destroy the Republic and thus accomplish by chicanery or political villainry what they failed to consummate by the sword.