In compliance with Par VI Cir No 10 Hd Qrts. Asst Comr. B of R.F. & A.L. Richmond Va March 12 1866 concerning the result of the operation of the "Order" restoring to the "Civil Courts" jurisdiction over colored persons &c. I have the honor to submit the following Report pertaining thereto for the present month so far as my Division is concerned. By reason of the fact that I still persist in preventing the adjudication of Freedmen's cases by the civil authorities there have been but few cases in which colored persons appeared as parties brought before the courts & consequently I am not able to report any instances of injustice or [unclear: oppression] towards the race growing out of indifference to their complaint or prejudice to their interests. My experience in this sphere of operation has resulted in the conviction that as a general thing the Civil Courts and authorities in Virginia are in judgments, verdicts, and action biassed in fact controlled by partiality and prejudice in their management & disposition of cases in which colored persons are interested and hence cannot in [unclear: justice] to my sense of duty permit the indiscriminate adjudication of such cases by said authorities & I am well satisfied the truth of this [unclear: proposition] would be clearly and speedily demonstrated if the Military authority was withdrawn if such a thing was necessary. Because of these facts I assume the responsibility of bringing the parties together and giving them every reasonable opportunity of comprehending each other which policy in a large majority of cases results in amicable settlements of the differences, and the promotion of kindly feeling towards each other, besides saving time and expense to all concerned. It cannot be concealed that the feeling of bitterness against the Government and its representatives is daily increasing and becoming more aggressive this is evident from the bearing of those men who give [unclear: tone] to public sentiment and thus direct the vindictive hatred of the enemies of the Govt. The treatment extended to those men who have shown a disposition to accept the situation and who are earnestly striving to secure the speedy restoration of the state to its rightful political relations to the Govt. The threats made that freedmen shall be driven out of the land &c all contribute not only to rendering the continuance of the Bureau a necessity but toward extending the powers of Bureau officers. I believe now that it would greatly facilitate reconstruction, and make substantial reliable loyal men out of kindly disposed but mild citizens if Military Courts were established in each County with limited jurisdiction of course, but which would secure especially to the Freedmen as well as loyally disposed citizens equal & impartial justice which I am afraid they cannot obtain, especially in the lower Courts.