I have just arrived at home once more, was glad to find youre letter here waiting for me, it is always a pleasure to received them; and take great delight in answering your letters, but the great misfortune is, I never have any thing interesting to write. I have been trying to make me a school for some time but have failed in every attempt. I was late in beginning I was in Johnson Co. and when I came back the schools were all taken or at least the ones that I wanted. Mary and Darthula are teaching we have to paddle our own canoes. I am afraid my canoe will be very hard to manage this summer, but I trust that I may land on the shore safe. We are not living on the same farm we were, when I last wrote to you but on a great deal prettier place, I feel more like I was at home here than anywhere I have been since I have been in the state The dwelling is of brick, two rooms above & two below; brother Frank is living in one end of the house, he & pa are going to farm together; we will have plinty of fruit of different kind if nothing happens it, the trees are all in bloom, We are having a very backward spring, the farmers have never began to plough yet. Southern persons are very low spirited here they think we will have worse times since the death of Lincoln. I am loth to believe the southern men, after having so much of the best blood of the South spilt will surrender to the very ones that caused so much trouble, I am glad to find that there are some that are true to the cause. I would like to have peace but not the way we are to have it, I would be willing to suffer the hardships of war four years longer if at the close, we could have freedom with our peace. I am glad to know your Sister Mary is going to school, for it is the only thing a person can retain, education I mean. It always was very important to have an education, but it appears to be more essential now than ever. The family join me in love to you and the other boys that are in prison; also to friends who are now living in the Old Dominion state. I remain as ever 