I received your letter, and immediately obtained an authenticated copy of resolutions and ordinances of appointment of Commissioners on West Virginia matters which I sent you by Capt Peck. We think it of the first importance that early action should be had in regard to the adjustment of the public debt as the question of levying taxes the interest depends, in a great measure, upon it, and the present Legislature ought to take some steps toward that subject before the termination of session. I saw the governor last evening and he enters into your views in good earnest, and will tomorrow send the necessary papers to communicate with Gov. Boreman. He is surprised to learn through the message of the latter that he has had no official information of the proceedings of our Legislature, and avers that he sent him proper notice. The Gov leaves in the morning for New York, but he has authorized his aid de camp & myself to have the papers prepared and despatched here. He agrees that Richmond is the proper place to hold your negotiations hence so recommend. We are getting on slowly with legislation. I am pretty much all the while engaged -- having been allotted more work to do than any other Senator and am besides half the time presiding officer. The interest bill was mostly killed in the House yesterday, but understand will have new life put into it in another form -- and the stray law so impaired by the decision of Judge Meredith is undergoing repairs before the House Judiciary Committee. But we may tinker as we please to gratify the people -- economy and labor -- can only bring property & money to us. The office of Governor is being looked to by a good many aspirants. I was at an entertainment at Genl. Mahones quarters last night and met no less than six anxious public servants --Bolling, Goode, Keen, Gibbons, Sutherlin & Owen -- I am inclined to think the South Side will insist on a candidate & that choice will fall on the first named gentlemen. Baldwin is regarded as a certain candidate. [unclear: Lymham] honorably mentioned in same connection. By the way, a complementary call was written to you (by old Mr. [unclear: McRuther] I am told) but the Whig having shut down on any name calls, it did not get into print. (The other papers publish all such memorandum -- why does not the Whig do like wise?) The news from Washington inclines us to the conclusion, at least hope that we may not be territorialized. The vote on the proposed amendment has here a good effect. Fessenden seems to be the ruling spirit now, and is esteemed to lean to conservatism. We had a terrible snow storm today just as church let out. I saw your daughter & spoke to her at the [unclear: monument] &c. You have, I think, better put up at the Exchange when you come.