Some particulars of the recent rout of our Div. was received yesterday from Dr. Inmans. He was captured and held by the Yankees (paroled) for the purpose of attending to our wounded. The enemy left Moorfield as soon as they gathered up the result of their Victory. The Dr. writes by one of Capt. McNeil's men that our killed and wounded is about 25, Col. Peters mortally, and about 300 prisoners, among whom is Col. Graham, Capts. Sheffey and Chamberlayne and Lieut. St. John. Capt. Clark got into the bushes minus his clothes and after the Yanks left made his escape. He got in last night. Our men continue to drop in and the probability is we shall lose scarcely 200. The loss in horses will be heavy, especially in our Brigade as we attempted to make a stand on foot. I shall give you some of the particulars of my own escape. After trying in vain to get some of the men to make a stand, I slowly followed in the rear of the flying mass. After getting up on the hill into the woods, I came up with Jackson's guns. He was so entangled with the cavalry lead horses and flying foot-men that he could neither get along or use his pieces. Col. Radford and myself did all we could to rally some of the men to the support of the rear piece so as to enable us to give the advancing enemy grape and canister but it was vain. We could get but few to stop and they would only fire once and plunge into the bushes, and so close was the enemy upon us that we barely had time for this. By the time we had gone three miles from the river we of the rear were completely surrounded. Jackson's men stood manfully by their guns and only left them when the Capt. said "Boys, abandon your guns and save yourselves if you can". I was riding just between the wheels of the rear piece. The Yankees were pressing some 30 yards on the crowded rear from me and were cutting and slashing with their sabres on the flanks, cutting down the drivers of the very piece I was with. I had tried my pistol. It would not fire. I removed the cap, put fresh ones on but finding that the enemy were all around me as well as passing on both sides through the woods, this convinced me that this ACS had no time to spare, so I plunged at once into the bushes upon the right of the road and struck out for the mountains. I soon found plenty of company as the woods was full of fugitives. I fell into a squad under old Capt. Strailey and as matters turned out 'twas lucky I did. After climbing through the mountains for some six miles we at length reached the summit of one of the highest and toughest mountains I ever had the misfortune to toil up. Here among the cliffs my horse finally broke down with my bridle, saddle and saddle bags. I was walking. He could go no further. A violent spasm seized him, and hastily stripping him I threw the harness upon the ground. Several boys who had no saddles offered to take the saddle, but just then an old horse, a real Secesh Horse, with the skin off his back from withers to croup, came along making his way alone and on his own hook to Dixie. This was a God-send. I caught him up. Notwithstanding his ulcerated back he brought our saddle, bridle and saddle bags, aye, and carried me some after I was exhausted walking. But toCapt. Straily am I indebted more than any one for my ability to get out of the mountians. He had a good horse and made me ride all he could, and when I refused he would walk with me waiting on me like a son all the way; and he is an old gray haired man, too, and ought to have been aided by me. I shall never forget Capt. Strailey of Mercer for this generous kindess. What made it so hard upon me was the fact that I was sick and weak and had tasted nothing since noon the day before and got nothing until we reached the Valley. I will give you more particulars when I see you. Adjt. Whitman had just told me that he is just starting to Taze and so I will close this at once. But first I must answer your query or Mrs. Betsy Peery might conclude something is wrong.  Did I ever tell you and anecdote Genl. Jenkins used to relate of a friend of his from Cabell Co.? Well, as it serves to illustrate the case in point, I will, as near as possible, give it to you in his own words. "We, my friend and I, were riding along the wilderness road between Gauly and Meadow Bluff. About sundown, on a wet rainy Nov. evening the first year of the war, we had been in the saddle for three weeks. Had this day ridden 50 miles, with nothing to eat and the prospect was, for the night, a bed of mud and wet blanket and nothing to eat, with no fire to warm. My friend had been used to all the comforts and luxuries of life. He had a beautiful and devoted wife at home and all that was wanting to make a man happy. On this particular evening his spirits had completely deserted and his sadness was so deep that I thought I would make an effort to amuse him. I commenced by drawing for him a family sketch. I said: 'George, suppose we were now within three miles of Barboursville. Just turning the corner of a certain lane running through the grove of oaks leading to a certain comfortable homestead, you get off. I think I see it now. Behold the shimmering light as it flashes fom the chamber window! Let us take a peep through that window. What do we see? A bright cheerful fire crackles and blazes upon the hearth. The tea urn simmers and sings in the corner. The cat stretches herself, purring upon the rug. The old arm chair, with dressing gown over the back and slippers by its side, sits cozily by the corner. Ah, what a scene of comfort and happiness! (A deep groan from George) Look, George, look! A we appear, a sudden ray of light darts through the gloom from the opening of the door and a graceful, well known form presents itself and gazes through the darkness. Catch but a glance of that sweet anxious face, beaming with tenderness and love!' "'Damn it, Gallatin, don't! If you say another word I shall go mad and leave you to your own wet couch and never draw rein until I seat myself in that same arm chair and feel Lucy's arms around my neck. Damnation, HUSH, notanother word!'" Make the application. Is Mrs. Betsy answered now? Is it any wonder that I should curse Spence for his fancy sketches? In this last raid I brought some little articles for you, which I bought principally in Hancock, Md. The first safe chance shall send all to you. My love to all. Accept my warm embraces