Well, dear, the chances for getting home soon "grow smaller by degrees and beautifully less". About sundown yesterday the infantry passed by our train down the Valley. At midnight our train recd. orders to join the Brigd. line and to all appearances we are bound on another mission. I hear that 15,000 reinforcements are marching down the Valley to join us. If this is so, then we are off to Pa. or Md. again. Yesterday our Cavalry chased the enemy into Martinsburg and a portion of them entered the town but were soon forced to leave it, but we will reenter it today. I think and perhaps may have another battle. Till then, Adieu. Ah yes.' I suppose you have seen that Hood succeeds Joe Johnston in Georgia and Trimble of Charleston. See in messenger that Grant is said tp be killed. Genl. Mulligen is at Winchester and is bound to die. I think has five wounds. 8 A.M. 25, 64. The whole army is advancing on Martinsburg where the enemy was drawn up in line of Battle last night in heavy form with 4000 cavalry under Averill. Mars Jubal, Breckinridge, Gordon & McCausland, with other general officers are in ten yards of me. They expect a heavy fight today. Cavalry fighting yesterday pretty heavy and has commenced again this morning. Haynesville near Falling Waters Potomac River. 7 P.M. 25th July, '64. Great was the chagrin and disappointment of this army on finding that the enemy had continued their flight across the Potomac last night. We pursued them as far as Williamsport, Md. and found except a few pickets the main force has continued its flight through Md probably into Pa. The indication of a fearful panic continued to the very banks of the Potomac. We are ten miles in advance of the infantry which is encamped at Martinsburg. What Genl. Early will do next, of course, I don't know but I think there will be a movement here soon which will make the heart of my little wife glad. I was sitting on my horse at a cross road today while the troops were going into camp talking to Col. Cochran of the 14th and two or three other officers who were standing in the road when two young ladies, elegantly dressed and splendidly mounted, came riding by. One of them looked and smiled so sweetly, as she bowed and waved her hand as she passed us, that I turned in the saddle to look a second time. She gracefully turned her beautiful head and from the tips of her fairy fingers wafted me a kiss. Jerusalem, of course I returned it, as gracefully as the suddenness of the action would allow! Asked Col. C. to knock me off my horse if he pleased which he refused to do. Fact is I threw a somersault from my horse, sprung into it again, and vowing I could not stand such banter set off after her. Rode a mile, had a very pleasant time and after promising to call on the Misses Turner, bade them an affectionate farewell. Oh, yes, they were intimate friends of the young lady I spoke of in a former letter as having given me a pair of gauntletts. I tell you there are great temptations here for a newly married man from home, but I think of Harry and all is nothing.