Having heard that I was wounded, killed or captured or all three at Moorfield, in the recent inexcusable surprise at that place, and well knowing that Madam Rumor would lose nothing by distance, I hastened on my arrival here yesterday to telegraph you which I hope you have recd. Well, we were to march at daylight on the 7th but ere it was yet light the Yankees under Averill were pouring into our camp, cavalry and infantry, and Johnson's men, rushing across the river in a regular stampede through this Brigd. produced the wildest scene of confusion I ever saw; and the result was one of the wildest stampedes I think of this or any other war. It is disgraceful beyond endurance and perfectly inexcusable. The enemy came in through Johnson's camp and his side of the River. He, I think, ought to be dismissed from service, ignominously, at once. I shall not in these confused and badly written notes give you any particulars but will do so tomorrow. Our loss will be pretty heavy; some two or three hundrend men, 800 or 900 horses, 4 pieces of artillery and several wagons and amnulances. I can't say yet who is captured, but many valuable officers and men are missing, among them all of Johnson's staff, including Capt. Clark. Col. Graham is also missing. We hope many of them may come in as they were scattered all over the mountains of Hardy, 40 miles from here. Maj. Noonan is slightly wounded. We, McC's Brigd, attempted to form and hold the Ford but the enemy were firing upon us and Johnson's Brigd stampeding through us and there was no chance, and the fact is what fighting we did do had better not be done for we might have saved more men and horses by attempting no rally. A part of each comd. took the Winchester Road and the balance the Harrisonburg Road. I took the former with the artillery of our Brigd. Johnson's was in the enemy hands already and been moved by them across the river. Most of our Bridg. also took this road. The other one runs through Moorfield, up the River. Ours left the river at right angles. We had proceeded but a short distance before the enemy compelled us to take the mountains, capturing our guns and cutting down some of the drivers from the horses. I was with the rear gun, helping Col. Radford and others to clear away the lead horses of the Cav. and form a rear guard on foot, and so got to use the piece; but 'twas no use. Nothing could be done. I soon found myself surrounded and after six vain efforts to get my pistol to fire, it having become damp in the recent rain, I plunged into the woods with horse and Harry for my watchword, and after one of the most painful and toilsome marches, principally on foot and through or over the most rugged mountains for 40 miles, I am here and except (for) complete exhaustion from fatigue and exposure to severe labor and storms of rain am as well as could be expected.  Be not uneasy dear, I shall recover soon. It would not have been so hard upon me, but I had been unwell for some days and Dr. Bee had told me that I must come out in an ambulance and was out before day hunting one for me when we were attacked. I recd. yours of June 10th in Md. on this trip. I will answer your query in my next. Most of these notes were written hurriedly and on horseback, some marching. I do not expect you to read them. I intended to copy them but as a matter of curiosity shall send them in MS. They are only intended for you. Write to me as usual, only put "McCausland's" instead of 5th Cav. "Brigd." My love to all. I have serious notion of resigning. I do not think I can remain in this Brigd. for certain reasons, one of which is in these notes. My love to all. Goodbye dearest.