Today the sheriff showed me a writ of "Fi.Fa." directing him to cause to be made from me the amt. of the note for which J. T. Brodt sued me-- I was a good deal surprised -- for I thought we had the matter safely taken care of, and that we could offsett my note with his. How is it? How came they to get judgement & what is the state of our proceedings agst. Brodt. I wish you would, immediately, write to me, fully, in reference to this, that I may know what to depend on -- & if you will not be over in time to urge the matter to a close I wish you would send over the papers and instruct me in reference to them, directing what to do. If it's "Common law', it's not common sense, that I shd. pay him when he is largely my Ser. Harman has never sent any queries to me, and so I have not answered them -- I should suppose that he could be compelled to try the case now -- after waiting so long. I shall apply to Harman for his interrogatories & I wish you would put all the legal machinery to work to bring him up -- I tell you he is hard to head off on anything -- as poor Skinner is finding out to his cost -- worse off the track than on. I shall wait anxiously for a reply. We are having glorious weather now -- joyous May. The candidates for M. C. are in motion too -- so life is stirring on all sides -- The contest though is getting too much one sided -- Harris is decidedly gaining ground -- the Dutch blood is getting up for the favorite son of the "Tenth Legion", I should like to see Skinner elected, myself, but I see no chance for him. My school closes, in 4 weeks here, then, I shall go to Chur-ville and open there, perfectly independent, on the 1st of next Sept. If you can do anything for me, from your region, I will be obliged to you. If you come over at any time, we should be glad to see you at Lock Willow Farm. I suppose you saw the notice of Bartlett's Marriage, in the Spectator. He is making a decided stir among the Brooklynites as a preacher. They are improving this place in a way that will render it very attractive -- making walks, renovating cabins &c &c -- It will soon be one of the pleasantest places in the Mts. I had the pleasure of hearing Everett, in Staunton, His address was just what I expected -- from the man & the subject. Of course "Old Augusta" came in for her share of the [unclear: honors]. My wife joins me in kind regards to you & yours--