We are now far enough from the scene of action and time enough has passed to enable us to ascertain the truth concerning what happened at Rich Mountain on the memorable 11th of July 1861 and what happened subsequently to the engagement up to today when our brave fellows that fell into the hands of the enemy, needlessly we may say, passed by our encampment, sorrowfully, to their homes on parol -- sorrowful that they must leave mess fellows still in the camps to fight for their beloved country and their homes who are no braver no truer than themselves, but who were fortunate enough to escape, while they are compelled to go home in inglorious retirement and await the pleasure of Scott & Lincoln before they can again do battle for freedom's cause.  We must be permitted to go back of the events of the 11th and put on record what was done by whom. Saturday June 15th by the order of Gen. Garnett, Lt. Col. Heck started with his regiment from Huttonsville at dark & passed North through Beverly which is 10 miles from Huttonsville, and then turned to the West & followed the Buckhannon Road and encamped at Baker's one mile west of Beverly, where they arrived at near midnight & encamped; & the next day, Sunday July 16, the regiment marched on, passing the top of the mountain at Hart's House by 9 o'clock, five miles from Beverly, and then going on two miles further to near the foot of the Mt, where, aided by Capt. [unclear: Corley], Col. Heck selected a place for an encampment & the army encamped there at 11 o'clk A. M. of that day -- cutting down the undergrowth & pitching their tents, such as had them, the others making them bark houses & rail houses covered with bark.   Rich Mountain forms the western boundary of Tygart's Valley & is the water shed between the Tygart's River & the middle Fort Branch of the same, the two streams uniting some 15 miles below Hart's after the Tygart's Valley river has broken through the Rich Mt., when the same range of Mts. passes on under the name of Laurel Hill. 