Mrs. Allen & Bishop Glossbrenner & Mr. Arnold passed through here today on their way to the Cavalry came 4 miles beyond at [unclear: Hevaner's] Store and said they were going back tomorrow & I must write by them -- so I will write a little, though I wrote only a day or so ago. We are getting quite rested and are feeling very well now, though sorry that so many of our brave boys were taken prisoners, though they will all get home, I suppose without any doubt for McLelland sent a messenger here to say that he would send back our prisoners if we would send ten wagons & meet the ten he would send half way --there are some 700 of our men prisoners -- they would be glad to get home, though it will be mortifying to them to leave their companies & go home excluded from aiding in the defence of their homes & country. We are very anxious to get some of our officers back & are petitioning the President to exchange some of the prisoners we have for our own men who will be released on porol. I want you to get me out some 20 sheets of my drawing paper, wrap it up in one of the large brown sheets you will find at the same place, that is in the middle case of the lower part of the book case -- You may send me a half dozen of my shirt collars -- do not send the new ones -- I got a good overcoat today from the public stores -- have a plenty of socks -- you may get some calico -- good strong, dark figure -- long in the tails, collar of the same sewed on the shirt & make me two shirts - - I have got two hdkfs -- You may send me my horn protractor & the case the flat one in which I keep amy instruments -- I shall send to Staunton and get some pencils -- direct -- I can get them sooner, than any other way. I was today made acting Adjutant of the Regiment, but I do not desire to hold that office -- and I expect when Gen. Lee comes, and that will be as soon as Sunday, I shall be attached to his staff as Topographer. I regretted the loss of my sweet little Testament, the gift of Mr. Gilbert at the time of our marriage, as much as of anything I left behind, and next the loss of my fine Barometer and then of my old blue cloak -- I could almost cry at the loss of such an old & faithful friend -- one that has been my constant companion for 14 years -- has shielded myself, my bosom friend & my children from the storm & comforted over many a weary mile -- But I intend to have it back -- we took the road back today -- the Georgia Regiment leading at noon -- I suppose the rest of us will follow as soon as Lee comes on -- One man got back today from the flight -- a Mr. Burwell, a lawyer of Richmond -- he exchanged clothes with a mountaineer -- got an old hat, red shirt, patched pants &c -- just such a suit as you can see any Pendleton wagoner have on and passed himself for a man going to [unclear: salt] sheep -- cutting off his mustache -- his friends died not know him so complete was the metamorphosis -- he passed through the midst of the enemy -- It was unfortunate that Gen. Garnett did not get correct information from us in time or we would have all gotten together and safely moved off -- Garnett's men are coming towards us slowly, the officers [unclear: have] come on in advance and are here now -- We expect Garnett's body tomorrow and the men the enemy took. The scouts of the enemy now come to within some 25 miles of us, but I do not think they will get any nearer.   If a good chance offers you may send me a little butter & cake and some pickles from home & a few good potatoes -- we have good bread rice, coffee, sugar & many things that are sent to our camp -- no special lack of any thing and all are becoming well supplied. I am glad you soon got some of my letters -- it almost broke my heart to read the one when you thought me lost -- do not despond -- I trust we shall soon conquer a piece & all return to our homes and enjoy the real pleasures of quiet & rest they only offer & I trust in the God of justice to vindicate our cause. Be cheerful & do not despond, my dear, all will yet be well -- train on our darlings as I know you do & make them good, obedient and loveable -- O! I would like to spend one day with you. I forgot to tell Nelson I stuck to my gun, flask & ammunition & should have used it fatally if our path had been impeded. I want to write to Allie & will soon I hope she will write to me -- I have but little leisure I want to write too to my excellent friend Harvey Bear & the good fellows Henry Sieg & C. Bear -- & Mr. Stover & all -- and dont be jealous how is Miss Kate &c &c. I may write more in the morning -- How fares the Sunday School -- I am tired, have been busy all day & must now retire -- By the way send me a blacking brush -- there are a plenty of them about home, one with a handle. If I go on, as I hope to tell Nelson, I shall want William to go along as a cook for a mess. Nearly all the servants in the camp got back safely & they were permitted by McL to go where they pleased. Write soon -- Good bye God bless you -- 