For the first time since I left home I have spent a quiet Sabbath & you may be sure it called up home & its surroundings in a very forcible manner, as it reminds by its quiet of the scenes of peace and the delights of bygone days, when all enjoyed the sweet actions of the day of rest & especially the sweet evenings of summer days like this, the "sweet enchanting preludes to repose" -- I thought, yesterday, of today with fear, for Sunday has been here a day of alarms, arms or marchings, but was in good spirits about it until 9 P.M. when I went down to the Gen's quarters & was informed that I must work at my map -- as it was needed & that I might bring down my map at 9 a.m. for an examination in reference to the report of scouts -- so I went to bed with the anticipation of a weary day in stead of a day of rest, but I slept long & soundly, not getting up any too soon, & after breakfast went down to Hd. Qrs. & was told to leave my map there until 1 P.M., so I got rid of work & came back to preaching which we had just behind our tents, in the nice grassy yard of Esq. Stephenson & the whole Regt. was marched out & seated on the grass. Mr. Mullins, a presiding Elder of the M.E.Ch. from Philippa preached from 2nd Timothy 4-6 -- a very good desultory sermon, adapted to the times & place -- the men all listened attentively & the L. M. Doxology sounded grandly when sung at the close by all. There was preaching at four or five places in camp today & a general quiet, for camp has prevailed. I wish you could come to our encampment we are rather above the town, on a hill side -- our Regt. in a field on one side of an unused road & the tent of the staff officers is in Mr. Stephenson's yard on the other side of the road -- a large grassy yard & some large trees in it. Our tent is a wall tent, good size & I have borrowed a stand & chair of Mr. S & then have one camp stool that I picked up and repaired -- then boxes & bags [unclear: on] all round the sides -- blankets rolled up &c -- I am sitting at the door, overlooking the whole valley & writing on my knee -- I was detached from the Adjutancy, a few days ago, at my own request & detailed on special duty by the Gen. & am now making a map of all this region -- I am hurrying it up & when I get it done, in a few days, I am going to ask for a furlough -- it is of no use to ask for one now, as all are refused. I got your sweet letter of Sunday -- how I longed to be with you -- it was so kind in you to write me a long, cheering & kindly letter -- it did me such an amount of good that I would not like to tell the questions you ask you say I do not answer -- why, I write when I can & the letters are carefully put away in my saddle bags, so the questions are forgotton, not intentionally.  you wonder why two stages passed -- There are two nearly every day -- Gen. Lee & staff came out -- & Genl Loring & staff -- Lee spent one day here -- all were pleased with him -- he then went on to Huntersville in Pochahontas Co -- he received all the troops here -- praised our men especially & complimented the Augusta Lee Rifles, Capt. Lilley especially -- we expect there will be active operations soon, beyond Huntersville, as the two armies are approaching each other at Elk Mt -- I have not heard that the [unclear: Cp] -Cav. are ordered away -- it can't be so -- glad the satchel is safe -- want some of the things in it -- the flannel shirts especially -- as I have only one left -- & 2 white shirts and 2 more collars -- there are some new ones in the collar box -- a bed quilt -- a thick one -- is the best thing for out here -- I have blankets enough -- but you need not send a quilt yet -- Mr. Quidor -- ha! ha! send my map of the Va. Central R. R. by mail or by Willie Bear -- mail best -- to this place it is in the map box I think, dont know -- The hospitals here are very well provided for now I think -- the most need is for quilts & blankets, but they are constanly coming up -- I do not think a letter could get through this way I will see & if I see any chance will write to Ma -- I wrote to Lee about Byron's going away -- Keep good spirits my love -- do not get hysterics! -- kiss my babies for me many times -- how I want to see their sweet faces -- Pa wants them to be good -- very good -- Good bye my sweet little wife -- write to me often 