I suppose you have been uneasy about me, because I have not written, but I have been very sick for 4 or 5 days & only feel today as though I could write a little, it was a typhoid attack -- very bad head ache, pains in my limbs & I have not slept any of consequence, but hope to tonight -- My head has been too hot, but I had a blister on the back of my neck, the hair cut off & applications to the head -- I have been very kindly cared for, though not like home, not like being in a house -- every one here almost the same sickness & many have it since the change from the wet to the dry season, for it rained here daily, hourly & nightly all through the Dog days -- never stopped - - the mud was deep everywhere -- in (that pen won't write) the tents & out, on the hills, in the valleys, roads impassable &c &c it would weary me to tell you, but the 31st of Aug. the Dog d's ended, the rain ceased -- has not rained since & the sun shines all the time, hot, (cold before) & the change is so great that many are affected by it, but we shall soon get used to it -- my tent mates have been sick too the same woe, The woods here have put on the Autumn dress. The army is now slowly coming up as the roads permit & I suppose a week will pass at least before any move is made towards the enemy, for Gens. Lee & Loring are determined not to go until ready & the enemy occupies a strong position 14 miles from here. The Generals are both perfect gentlemen. I am employed making maps of the country & putting down the information in reference to the enemy's position, that we obtain from scouts prisoners &c. I get 100 dollars a month. I am very desirous to come home for a time, but my services cannot be spared now -- as soon as we move I can get off for a time, but I cannot afford to lose my place in such hard times as these, when a few month's service will enable me to get money enough to keep us comfortable for some time, and I shall certainly spend the winter at home teaching a short 3 months or so session -- leaving the army as soon as it goes into winter quarters Aug 4th  I did not finish yesterday, but I am glad now for I can tell you that I am much better & have even worked some at my duties -- the Corps of Engs  goes out on a reconnaisance today & I think I shall go along -- get off the Mt. for a couple of days & away from the dull monotony of my tent -- the change will fully recuperate me -- It rained all night last night & has been raining all day so far -- thunder & lightning, about the 1st I have heard.  I have not time to write more now & I hope you will take the will for the deed. & excuse such a looking letter as this. Kiss my children -- I think every day that I will write to Nelly & tell her a good many things I hope they are both good girls & that they are all the time good natured -- and that they mind their mother -- You do not say anything about Tug. I have not heard a word from you since I left Monterey -- do write often -- I wrote from Huntersville. Direct to Care of Gen. Loring, Army of the N.W. via Huntersville & have it sent via Staunton  May a merciful god keep & bless you all 