I have just finished breakfast on the porch -- having fed, cleaned & hitched up my horses first -- got up at 4 o'clock -- slept on the floor, wrapped in my cloak, saddle bags for a pillow -- slept very well -- one hip a little bruised -- was tired last night -- the road is awful a part of the way -- full of boulders for a few miles -- we passed through a shower just after leaving Jenning's Gap. One box of  & fixins fell off one wagon & there was a smash up -- they picked up the fragments -- It was late when we got here. The king of the fleas holds a court there -- bit Hanger & Crawford badly. The Mts here literally milk the clouds for the dew covers everything like a rain -- it looks beautiful on the leaves -- especially those of the cucumber trees, which are very large here. The sides of the Mts are finely variegated by the flowers of the laurel, snow white, & the deep yellow evening primroses. Hanger says it is time to start --  Monterey -- Friday night -- We got here just at dark quite tired -- the road is rough & where it has been McAdamized the stones are not much broken down yet. It has been a very fine day -- warm & clear -- the Mts look finely -- the laurels cover the sides in many places. We took dinner at McDowell on the bank of the river We met a good many that we knew today; Little John Crawford, Wm Sterrett, Bol. Christian &c at different places on the Mts. My team keeps ahead of the others and I wait for them & rest my horses very often and make observations -- have taken the elevation of all the Mts. we have passed over. The wheat, what little there is, in this country, is very green yet, it looks strangely. The grass looks very fresh. There is no news of importance from the Army -- it is rumored that the Federal forces are leaving Philippa & that we are advancing, slowly, because the Federals have obstructed the road as much as possible, felling trees across it &c. The people here do not think they will have to fight. Mr. Arnold & Mr. Johnson started for Beverly today from here -- Mr. Register did not go, he went to a place below here to cure some Union men -- some rampant ones of the M.E. Church I suppose. It is said that Mr. See's father was taken by the Lincolnites & because he wd. not swear they hung him up & then took him down & he took the oath & then came away & says he will not be satisfied until he has killed some one to avenge himself. It is reported that our troops have gone to Buckhannon, that is our Cavalry & those with them that have been on Rich Mt. I suppose I shall know what has been done or is doing, when I get to the camp. We eat out of doors from our boxes & Hanger & Crawford sleep out by the wagons -- I think I shall try a bed tonight -- don't know. Montery has not grown any in 10 years, it looks weather beaten & well it may for it is up in world high enough to get the benefit of all the storms -- the head spring of the South Branch of the Potomac is here & the James heads only a half mile off so it is on the top of the water shed -- It seems a long, long way here, but they go to Staunton in a day, 46 miles. The stages meet here for breakfast in the morning very early, so we shall hear the news from each way before we start. We came across three Mts today. My fingers are stiff & sore from holding the lines & I cannot write much. I hope you have gotten entirely well & are getting along finely be sure to write to me to Beverly & I shall get it the day we get there if you write by the next mail after this comes. Kiss the dear children for me -- they must be good girls & kind to their mother -- my love to all -- hope Allie has gotten well too. Take care of the papers if they come. Tell Nelson every things go on well with horses &c, & they feel finely.  May God bless you my dear wife. 