I have just recd. your brief note saying that Nelly is out of danger -- I am truly thankful that a merciful God has spared us the sad affliction of depriving us of our first born -- praised be his name that has granted it. I have written to you that I am now on Engineer duty again, and have a good place, though no rank as yet, simply Act. Top. Eng. on Gen. Jackson's staff, have a wagon assigned me for my transportation & a good driver, and can get along without much exposure, though I shall have to ride about considerable reconnoitering the country. I have a very nice chief of Eng. Lieut. Boswell -- belonging to the regular corps, he is a fine fellow, & I suppose we will form a mess together. Yesterday I was down in front of the army though Ashby's Cavalry was far in the advance -- Ashby is a gallant fellow and always keeps the enemy at bay. I saw Mason a few days ago, he is looking finely -- says he considers himself a poor man now -- so may of their slaves have run away, and their fine farm in Fauquier has fallen into the hands of the enemy -- he has raised 240 cavalry and will be made a Major I suppose. Yesterday the order came from the Gov. to draft all the militia into the Volunteer companies now in the field, so as to make 1000 men in each regiment, with 10 companies, and now there is much uproar among the militia, this will throw all the officers into the ranks as privates -- I am sorry for some of them, for they are good men, but it will be a fine thing for some of them for they will thus learn what the duties of a soldier are. I am glad that I have made my escape from the militia before this proclamation, for I had labored very hard to get them fixed up & had got them so supplied by strenuous efforts that they were very well satisfied, and expressed great regret at parting with me &c &c, & I should have been very sorry to have to take part in disbanding them -- especially as they wish to stay as they are. Gen. Jackson regrets that this order has been issued, as he was more than pleased with the way in which the militia of Augusta has conducted itself. Yesterday was very raw & cold and last night it rained & sleeted The militia were the only troops that had any tents, all the others having been sent back to Harrisonburg, and the poor fellows suffered much -- Today it is raining too and the trees a completely crusted over with ice -- I am keeping a sort of Sunday, abstaining from work -- The work of last Sunday turned out so disastrously to us that that I suppose we shall try and keep more Sunday hereafter -- tho' it is almost impossible to keep the day as it should be there are so many contingencies to provide for -- but of the four great battles of this war that have been fought on Sunday, the attacking party has lost the day.  I hear with regret that Gen. Ed. Johnson has been ordered back from Alleghany and is to come here, leaving the Alleghny line entirely undefended and I fear the enemy will soon come to Augusta -- We hear that the enemy has fallen back to Alexandria from Manassas, it is supposed to aid in an attack on Fredericksburg. I wish you would write often as you can -- I hope you will all get along well. I may come home after some maps -- the only way I can possibly get off -- My love to all May God bless you. Have you got your sugar yet -- Write to Mt. Jackson -- to me as Act. Top. Eng. of Gen J's staff -- 