We have now been a day & a half here at the Old Steenbergers place, the most magnificent farm in Va - - some 1100 acres of level meadowland, the house a fine stone one in the 1st  terrace above the level & a mile back from the turnpike. Mrs. [unclear: Mecin] is a sister of Mason Jordan -- they sent their servants to Lynchburg but 9 ran away the day before they were to leave. Mason has gone home to see about his sisters. We had 2 days of fine weather to come here in & 1 bad. We stayed the 2nd night at Harrisonburg, at the Mill there -- I went to [unclear: Frick's] with Col. Sproul -- we had & nice time, the next night we were two miles from New Market at Dr. Williamson's & the next day came here. I have been very busy & have had to write a great deal -- but expect to get through tomorrow, when I shall be a private I suppose as there are not men enough for a Regt & so the Col. does not command, but he has offered me the Adjutancy of the Regt when made up -- But Baylor says Gen. Jackson will have me detailed on Eng. Duty -- The Militia were partly mustered in today, by Col. Baylor -- they are put into companies of 100. Some of the men that ran away from home were caught by Ashby's Cavalry and brought here to jail -- Gen. Jackson has been falling back but today he moved forward. It is reported that the enemy has fallen back, owing to a rebellion in Maryland, but there's no finding out what the truth is. 22nd [unclear: this] morning some improvement in the weather, yesterday was very bad, the mud is deep, but we are very well cared for, as we have houses to say in, though crowded. There are about [unclear: 12] of us that sleep in one room, with all sorts of sleeping fixings & some with no sleeping fixings. Gen. Jackson called up to see us yesterday, he looks care worn, though he is a very pleasant man. I went down to see him the day we got here he is very busy -- (pen again). I called at Mr. Ruffner's the morning we left Harrisonburg, for a few minutes -- he gave me a very nice pocket compass -- & letters to some of his friends here -- He wants my Johnston's Physical Atlas & if he sends for it do it u p very carefully & send it. See that the Martin boys return my Marlborough & Alison if they go away. Tell them I have not yet seen their father, or the Hardy Militia. I hope you are well yet - - I am in much suspense about you all & do not know when I shall hear from you -- the mails are so deranged -- half of the time the mail bags are not brought Write to me by private hands if you hear of any one coming here -- They are falling every day -- the arresting of some starts the others. They have taken the Bank away from Harrisonburg -- God bless you all -- kiss the dear children for Pa -- 