(captured Fed. paper)   Your letter of a few days ago came duly to hand, and was very welcome, though I had heard from you by some of the neighbors, and sent you word by Mr. Helms that I was still in  after the battles of the 8th and 9th, I was too tired to write, or well as too busy, after the battle, making a sketch of the country around our position for the use of the different officers who did not know the country. I have been hoping that Nelson might be able to get away and come down here, but the road is so bad that it would be to the great discomfort of any one that should attempt to come. I did not get to eat any of the nice victuals you prepared for me, for the General sent me ahead when we left Mt. Solon and I was not at my wagon again until we got to Winchester and so everything had spoiled, much to my regret, but while fighting & marching are going on we do not often see our wagons until quite late at night, I wish I had the things now, but I am doing very well as I am among my friends here and have been invited out several times, I hope I may get home soon but I cannot well ask to go for several are away that have not been off before. If we go to Mt. Crawford I will send from there what I have for you, unless I got a chance from here; I shall not send until I am sure it will go safely, I would like some provisions from home, some substantials, crackers and butter, but little of anything else, and I may be able to send for that. We are being heavily reinforced and I suppose will soon be on the march again after the enemy. God blesses our arms, our men all fight like heroes, and success has heretofore attended all our efforts -- We whipped Fremont on the 8th, and part of our army slept nearer to Harrisonburg that night than he did, we inflicted a great deal of damage on him, drove his regiments with great slaughter from the field and then came on the next day, and unmolested crossed the river and whipped Shields completely, captured all his artillery and pursued him 10 miles capturing several hundred of his men and scattering his whole army to the four winds, while Fremont drew up on the opposite side of the river and witnessed Shields defeat, only throwing over a few shot and shell after the whole affair had ended and we were sending our ambulances to bring Shields' own dead & wounded from the field, and Fremont was near enough to see what we were doing, and he actually threw shell at the building in which the wounded of both armies lay, with a hospital flag flying from it -- the brute. Shield's men fought well for their officers made them believe that we would kill every man that we captured -- They said many of them would give themselves up if they knew we would treat them kindly. Many of them regretted that Ashby was killed -- for he was killed on Friday -- in a skirmish after a sort of battle in which he had displayed great valor -- he is a great loss to us, we miss him every day, but hope that Providence may raise up some men to supply his place -- and be the right hand of Jackson. The men of Fremont are Dutch -- of the very worst sort, they have plundered the country wherever they have been, they stripped the houses at Cross Keys completely, taking all the drapes of the ladies, breaking up the dishes &c &c They wrapped up their dead in the blankets, carpets, quilts &c that they had taken from the houses -- they were very brutal to the women in language, and stole everything they could get hold of. they came up "spoiling for a fight and a good many of them spoiled after the fight" as Gen. Ewell says. I will write more about the battles, or tell you more when I see you. We had sacrament today in camp, it was a solemn scene, and Dr. Dabney prefaced it by some excellent remarks --. Our men are enjoying the rest, they are now getting, very much, and will soon be ready for another march. I did not send the illustrated papers, as I said, but I will send them the first chance. Write often and may God bless you all. Love to all 