I avail myself of a lull of business, caused by the horrible weather of today, snowing like all the world all day, great big flakes, to write to you while I can, for I do not know how long I shall have that privilege, or how long before communication will be wholly cut off -- We have just recd. a messenger from Winchester, he says they have an iron rule there, visiting houses searching everything, marauding over the country & insulting people -- Most of those there are Dutch, and they are more brutal than any others -- but our women there are not afraid of them and tell them freely what they think of them. We learn that they have about 21000 men under the command of Rosencranz -- Banks & Shields have gone away. We take a number of prisoners every day -- we had today one from Maine, one from Conn, one from Vt, one from Pa. and one Dutchman. The Ct. man says the people in Conn. think they will conquer us by July but he does not think so now -- he said he would take the oath to the Southern Confederacy if we would let him go. I saw Geo. Chrisman yesterday -- Ralston was elected Capt. in his place and he has gone to Richmond -- All the old officers that were not reelected are suffered to go home by Gen. Jackson, and we have had quite a stampede of officials -- Baylor was elected Col. of the 5th & Harman went home -- all sorts of promotions and [unclear: depressions] in one Regt -- the Adjutant was made Col. Rev. Dr. R. L. Dabney came here today and was made Adjutant Gen. of this Division -- he is a fine man, says the the war has taken away all his students at the Seminary and he now comes to the war too -- We are getting our army reorganized and will soon have order out of chaos I suppose - The enemy has been down this side of McGaheysville, a few of them, but our Cavalry put them to flight -- They came into Harrisonburg and have taken some prisoners, men from the country. They will need more and more men to keep the county the farther they advance & will find the task of subjugation no easy one. One of our Cavalry companies went last Monday to within 6 miles of Winchester and there took some prisoners and returned. One of the enemy's sentinels was also shot at Harper's Ferry and they will find as they advance a foe in the rear that will annoy them as much as the one in front and so the work of subjugation will have to be daily done over. It is reported in the Richmond papers that we are again in possession of Nashville, how true it is I know not. McClellan is still idle upon the Penninsula, bound down hand and foot by the mud of that region, said to be bottomless by those that know -- his large army is being increased daily but still he fears to offer battle, knowing as he does that his whole reputation hangs on the result -- Gen. J. remarked today that he was in the same class with McClellan at West Point and thinks he lacks nerve. The army of Gen Ewell is in supporting distance of us, and which one of the armies will join the other to strike a blow is uncertain -- One of our present problems of chances for discussion -- for no one know what Jackson intends to do.   I shall come home to see you all as soon as some important moves have been made & I hope they are not far off and hope also that they will relieve the Valley of the presence of the enemy. We heard that Johnson is at West View; too near home to be agreeable -- we now feel what it is to have an army in our houses and an enemy thundering at our doors, but then that is the best way to have our forces where they cannot be cut off in detail but can assist each other -- the day of hope may be followed by a night of despair, but that night is sure to be followed by a morning of sunshine -- so trust in God's all-abounding goodness and mercy my loved ones and in faith pray for the day of deliverance to speedily come -- If the foe should come to your door, outwardly submit, but coldly abhor to the last those that seek our firesides  slaughter and devastation. Train our children, as you have done, in the ways of knowledge, virtue and holiness and so fill up the weary hours of our separation, and may the Lord in mercy shorten these days of tribulation. I hope you have no need of anything and that you are all being restored to a measure of health. I am extremely anxious to hear from you, and I wrote to you to send a letter to Majr. Harman, Staunton, asking him to send it to me by Gen. Jackson's courier. The rain is now beating against our windows and it is dark without -- I pity our poor shelterless men. I am enjoying excellent health, am not exposed any at night, and do not intend to go into a tent until the weather is better -- though it costs something more to live so -- paying for our board -- but the constitution is saved and that is of more value than a few dollars -- I hope the foe may not visit you -- but if the do try and keep them from destroying by claiming protection as a lady from the officers and they may give some heed to it -- I do not think it worth while to move anything, though you might secrete your provisions if you can -- My love to all -- live in the bonds of love and peace and may God's choicest blessings be upon you all I sent Nelly an illustrated paper yesterday -- I hope she may get it -- kiss my children for Pa --  Good bye 