I have been so busy of late that I have not had time to write but a few lines about our Winchester victory, which you have all heard of. We made a terrible sensation throughout the North, Lincoln called for all the militia of the whole country to go to Washington to defend the capital, and they are rushing as fast as possible to defend Washington as they say. Old Abe ordered Fremont, Shields, Banks, and McDowell to strike after us, therefore, after securing our spoils, stores of the most valuable kind, arms etc., we have moved back for new combinations, to be followed by new results, no doubt. We are confident of success whenever our General sees fit to strike a blow, under the blessing of Providence, which follows his prayers and his exertions. I hope you are all getting along well and in comparative quiet, away as you are from the constant dangers, the daily and mighty toils and labors of contending armies. May God enable us to keep the foe away from our homes with his ruthless and despoiling hand. I am every day more and more impressed with the belief that of all human evils war is the greatest, the most degrading and horrible, - one from which all engaged in it long to be delivered. Misery and suffering all around them, suffering and anxiety at home.- Nothing but the preservation of our dearest rights could ever induce me to have anything to do with it, but we must fight out our destiny, come weal, come woe, and leave those that war does not sweep away to prove whether blood has been shed for good or for evil.  We are having a tremendous rain, flooding everything, but it falls most heavily upon our enemy just now, by the blessing of a kind Providence, for they are compelled to take by ways and pursue us over unbridged rivers, and in the mean time we will rest and prepare to strike again.   Nelson, I wish you would hire some one, for me, to work and completely make my garden and send the bill, if necessary and I will pay it. My wife says she has not been able to get it well made, and I do not wish her to weary herself and make herself sick trying to work it.-- Do attend to this for me at once_ and have it well done, and I will be very thankful.  I wish you would also buy, if ours is gone or scarce, 10 or 15 bushels of corn and send it to Sara for her use as she may wish.- I do not ask any of these things in complaint, but I cannot see to having it done, and I ask you to do it for me.- I long for war to end that I may go to my home in peace and stay there, content with any lot Providence may bestow.  Yesterday the gallant Gen. Ashby, (for he is now a General) being attacked when alone by some 50 Yankee Cavalry, collected some straggling soldiers of ours and charged on them and killed some 25 and put the rest to flight, capturing horses, saddles, pistols etc., etc. I have some things I purchased for you in Winchester. When I can get a chance I will send them to you. I was sorry that I had not a chance to buy and send many things, but I had not. There are many things there to sell. Love and good wishes to all. 