I today recd. yours of the 2nd of April and the first letter you wrote me about Nelly's sickness -- it is strange that it was so long on the road. We are still 3 miles above Mt. Jackson, and the enemy is still at Edenburg, fighting with Ashby, or rather keeping out of his way. There is not much prospect of a fight, though it is hard to tell what a day may bring forth -- We have reports of all sorts of things happening around us, but put little credit in anything. I saw a Philadelphia paper of the 28th ult. today, it had in an exaggerated and inflated account of the fight of the 23rd  inst, claiming a capture of 200 wagons when we did not lose one. The draft for filling up the Volunteer companies was made today -- A list of the men was made and a number fixed to each, then a lot of pieces of paper with the numbers on was thrown into a hat and the pices picked out one by one, and whoever is placed opposite a number drawn he is drafted in.  Nelly's sweet little violet dropped out of my letter as I opened it, and I was happy to think my little daughter was reviving & getting new life again just as the sweet flowers are opening under the influence of the vernal sun. My little daughter must be very thankful to her God that her life is spared, and we will join her in thanking him & hope she may live long to be a blessing to her parents & to her friends. The birds are singing very sweetly here, and I suppose they are singing at Loch Willow and Pa would like to sit out on the porch with the little girls & Ma & hear them sing rather than be where he has to see and hear so much of men killing and being killed, doing all the damage they can to one another, burning up bridges &c &c. O how I wish war would cease, and that we might all have peace in the enjoyment of our rights and liberties, but those rights we must have, cost what it may -- I am very well indeed, stay in the house here and eat with the staff & Gen --. Mr. Rude is a very nice man -- he is a retired Lutheran preacher -- a Dane -- he married the widow Steenbergen who was a Caperton, a 2nd cousin of Mrs. Pinkerton. She is a very fine lady, and he is so obliging and kind -- we have very pleasant times, at times. The Adj. Gen. is a son of the Rev. Col. Pendleton, and is a very fine young man -- a gentleman every way, then the medical director, Dr. McGuire is a very smart fellow & gives us entertaining medical predictions at evening sittings. Gen Jackson does not say much, he is quite deaf -- he spends most of his time in his room by himself, except when in the saddle -- he is very pleasant though and I like him much.  I have been drawing all day so you will excuse me for not writing more. I will drop a note to Powell about the sugar. I send you some stamps enclosed. I am glad the friends are so kind to you and that Anna is still well & I do hope she may be spared from sickness -- Mr. Rude says that greasing them is a speedy and safe cure.  My love to all and Kisses for the children  Good bye & Heaven bless you all 