The enemy advanced at 3 A.M. today & we have fallen back so far and are stopping for a day or so -- I should rather say for an hour or so, for I expect we shall have to move on in a few hours -- the enmy is pressing upon our rear & Ashby is keeping them back. There was a little skirmishing & one or two of the enemy were killed & we lost one man -- a number of shots were fired on both sides, at a distance of two miles and of course "nobody was hurt" by that, tho the noise & explosion of the shotts was anything but agreeable. I went to where I had a good view of the Yankee troops drawn up in line of battle, from the hill top where I went to see them. They have about 10000 men I  think and then Blenker is at the end of the Valley with about the same number, so Banks I suppose feels quite safe.  I know not where we will stop; I suppose tho' when we get to Staunton for it seems to be the opinion that the inner line of the state is to be defended. We are now at the house of a Mr. Cowan -- one of his sons married a Miss Allabaugh of Bridgewater -- it is a very nice place -- but all the ladies leave tonight for Br -- except a young Miss -- we were very sorry to leave Mr. Rude's [unclear: we] have had a nice time there Col. [unclear: Prestore] of the Institute is here now & starts back tomorrow -- he intends to ask Gen. J. to let me go alone, & so come by Union, but I do not know what the result of it may be, so I will write -- we are coming up so near that I am sure I shall get home before long -- on some excuse or other --  I send a paper to Nelson and he will send it for you to see. I am so weary that you must excuse me -- for I have been in the saddle nearly all day and want to go to sleep -- and rest some before another start -- for we many have to travel during the night -- Jackson is very cautious and I do not think he will be caught napping -- I board with the staff and so do not need any provisions a yet. Tho' I intend to board myself soon --  Send this up so they may see it at the upper house  God bless you all 