I recd. yours telling me that the children are better, for which I am truly thankful, and am sorry that I cannot be at home to relieve you of the severe burden of care that rests upon you and that I am fearful will make you sick too -- be careful & get some one to relieve you as much as possible. I feel sorry for poor Jno. Harman, he has lost two children and told me this morning that he expected two more to die today --when will the pestilence of Scarlet Fever cease from our county. I have just been reading the Spectator, it has a good deal of interesting news in it. We caged and ironed today the leader of the militia rebellion in Rockm he is a tigrous looking fellow: also a Dutchman of a N. Y. Regt was brought in -- he had on him quite a number of letters, one from his wife, all in German, in which she berated him soundly for not writing to her, but got over her wrath before she ended & wrote to him like a loving Vrow - - she had come on to Alexandria to see him -- he had several letters from others in which they all spoke of being infinitely tired of the war and desirous of getting out of it. O! by the way Sam. Hernsberger, the tall young man from McGaheysville that went to school, is here in a Cavalry Co -- he was in Western Va. last summer with Wise and he has just told me that Brodt was in the army a member of a Kenawha Co, and furthermore that he was at Roanoke island and was probably taken a prisoner there -- good for old B-- that he proved true at last --  It rains here all the time -- I hope you have a better spell of weather. We are kept in doors most of the time of late by it. I am very much pleased with Gen. Jackson and his staff -- he is at times very chatty, but usually has but little to say -- Sunday he went out through one of the Brigades with a bundle of tracts and distributed them -- he stays by himself most of the time -- eats very sparingly -- does not drink tea or coffee and hardly eats any meat The Adj. Gen -- Lieut. AS Pendleton, son of the Rev. Col. Pendleton of Rockbridge -- (the famous Manassas Artillery Capt.) is a young man of about 22 -- light haired -- has taught in Lexington, graduated at Wm Coll, & was at the Univ. of Va when the war broke out -- he is talented, and admirable talker & man of fine sense & acquirements -- he is the one spoken of in the Spectator as carrying off wounded men -- he says he did many things he does not remember, at Kernstown, but he knows he did not carry any body off the field, and Berkely, the Surgeon of the Regt. was not there Dr. McGuire says, so it is hard to tell who the surgeon was. Dr. McGuire the Medical Director is also a young man of fine talents -- is not more than 26 & has been a Prof. at Philada  & also in New Orleans in a Med. Coll. he is a son of Dr. McG. of Winchester you have often heard of him. The Dr. is one of Bro. George sort of men, blunt good humor & full of honest life. Lt. Col. Baylor is a good fellow -- first rate, good natured and accommodating -- he will, no doubt, be elected Col. of the 5th Regt -- we shall miss him much, Lieut. Boswell, the chief of the Eng. Corps, is an excellent good natured honest Presbyterian of Ala. formerly of Fauquier Co. -- is well off -- has a sweet heart in Fauquier where the Yankees are and he talks much about her -- he is my bed fellow -- is one of your good fellows that everybody likes and of course I like him too -- Lieut. Douglas is from Maryland and has lately been on the staff -- was a lieut. in a Company -- he is quite young but has been practising law in St. Louis -- is one of your wide awake smart young men -- I like him too. Lieut Meade is from Clarke Co. he was [unclear: a private] at Manassas and lost his right arm -- he has had a Lieutenancy given him because of that -- and is a good negative sort of man, kindly disposed and willing to do all he can -- then there are two clerks detailed from the Washington Coll. Co. Logan and Laird -- they are good fellows too -- Sergt. Brown is engaged with the Eng. Corps -- he is Co. [unclear: Surrey] or of Jefferson, & is an excellent surveyor, a big stout fellow -- accommodating & pleasant, but a mass of facts -- a painfully matter of fact man, at times, painfully exact, but I really like him nevertheless -- then add a half dozen darkies of all shades and natures -- & put in your husband -- Mr. Lipkiss as one of the Dutch girls here calls me, Mrs. Rude says, that cant say Hotchkiss, and you have the Generals staff described after a fashion.   I will describe mine host if we stay here much longer. I have nothing of interest to write -- the enemy still at the same place, being reinforced we hear -- what a set of cowards they must be to want any more troops to oppose our small army. The militia have all been drafted into Volunteer Regiments, officers & all. I have the same place I had last year with Gen. L. and am Top. Eng. on Gen. J's Staff -- I may get a commission as the Eng. Corps is to be increased -- I shall get the same pay I did before I suppose. We get the papers here every day & the news often comes here from over the Ridge by express. I wish I could come in and see you all -- the little darlings -- kiss them for pa -- Tell Allen to have a good garden well worked and everything done like a good boy that I hope he is. My love to all our relations & friends -- read them my letter or send it up -- for I have not much time to write. Write often. God bless you all 