I wrote you a line this morning by mail but I have a chance to send a line by private hands as far as Harrisonburg so I will write again, as I did not answer your questions. I do not think it worth while for you to draw the money on the check I gave you -- I prefer you should not yet, for you would only get Confederate notes & they would be of but little use to you if the enemy came to Augusta -- so say nothing about it until I write to you -- I am in hopes I shall be able to come home before long and look after things. It is not worth while for you to borrow any trouble about putting things away or to apprehend any danger -- I do not think the enemy will get to our county -- I feel assured they will be kept back and that our county will be held -- I have great confidence in our Generals and think the Valley will not be given up. Try and keep in good spirits -- tell Allen he must be a good boy and do what is required of him, or I shall have to put him with some hard master that will make him work. I hope tho' there will be no need of that. Have Nelson straighten him if he needs it -- try & keep up a friendly spirit -- it will do me so much good while obliged to be away -- Take care of your funds & when I draw my 1st month's pay I will send you more. Do not think about being cut off from me -- for I do not apprehend any such thing -- I am doing office work altogether now -- Say nothing to anyone about your monetary affairs --  Send me 30 sheets of flat cap paper (same as Herborium) it is in the table up stairs Direct as usual & to New Market Send to Gen. Jackson's Head Quarters -- I hope Anna is better -- the 3 days storm has cut off communication. I see the daily papers -- Send mine up to the House for them to see & they will send them back -- I will have the paper kept on -- No news on this line -- we are waiting for more from the Peninsula & West Send the paper to Capt. Bell A. Q. M. at Staunton & ask him to send it in at once to Head Quarters --  My love to all -- and Kisses for Anna & Nelly --  Good bye God bless you 