 We have changed quarters today and are nearer to you than before -- Yesterday the Yankees advanced this way and Ashby and his Cavalry contended with them all day, but they advanced some twelve miles through Woodstock and on to Edenburg, where they were stopped by the burning of the bridges over Stony Creek and meeting some force which the General sent forward -- I was up along the creek the day before and made a sketch of it, and recommended to the General to make a stand there, and today he sent a Brigade and some guns there and there was considerable skirmishing during the day, in which we had the advantage, and when they came across we drove them howling back with several killed The Gen. has ordered a force back tomorrow and I suppose a fight may take place We have been favored by Providence today the Gen. Says. The shells of the enemy howl dreadfully -- I never heard such unearthly noises -- the shells are very long -- some 12 or 15 inches. Quite a number of them burst near the Gen. and his staff yesterday but not one of our men was injured -- A little boy just behind Ashby had his horse shot today by the enemy firing at Ashby -- I hope he may be preserved -- he is a noble man -- I went down last night to tell him about the roads &c. We sent our baggage to the rear yesterday and it did not get back until very late, so we slept on the ground. I slept finely was tired enough to enjoy it. This morning we started at day break to the front 5 miles, where the fight was to be and the enemy held in check. We spent half of the day there, that is the Gen. & staff, and then I went out to see a back road and the Gen. moved his Hd. Quarters back of Mt. Jackson to a line of hills above there a fine position to hold and the next one above Stony Creek.   I am now attached to the Eng. corps and posted at or near head quarters, and have a much pleasanter position than in the Adjutancy of a Regt. or any other post in the Army, the Chief of the Corps, Lieut Boswell, is a very fine fellow, and I meet many of my old friends of Valley Mt.  There are 614 of our men killed, wounded & prisoners at the Battle of Kernstown, the loss of the enemy was about 1000. Henry Robertson was taken prisoner. The news of the battle is more fully related in the papers than I can give you, for we only hear odd ends of news and no very connected statement. I have not read more than one or two papers since I came here. In fact have not seen more than one or two, have read some Northern papers. I hope Nelly has fully recovered and that you are all getting along --. I am enjoying good health, am getting better of my cold, sleeping on the ground seems to agree with me.  If you have an opportunity you may do up and send me the life of Marlborough, send it by some one that is coming down here, if you happen to know of any. I got Mr. Ruffner's Barometer today and he lent me a compass -- he is very kind indeed --  I have got a mess chest and a box for my papers &c and have a table and chairs, and also some dishes. I got some butter today at 30 cts a lb. -- not very good. I just ate the last of my home biscuits. I wish I had a half  [unclear: bask.]  of them, and some butter from home. The militia will be drafted in tomorrow. The Gen. has just ordered 4 companies of riflemen and several pieces of cannon up to Rockingham to storm the camp of the Militia that refuse to come to duty -- so dont be alarmed if you hear the noise of a battle near at hand, for no harm will come but to the recreant. They are near McGaheysville. There will be an example made of some of those that fail to come. Give my love to all the friends God bless and keep you -- Kiss the darlings for Pa --