 I got a letter from you while I was in Frederick City; the first one for a long time then that I recd. from home; since then, as before, we have been going, going, and I have not found time to write, though I have often thought of it. I wrote to you, I think, soon after the Manassa fight, then we crossed into Maryland and took a turn and came back to Martinsburg and then went to Harpers Ferry and captured it, with the large stores etc. there, an account of which you have seen, then we came back up the river and fought the hotly contested battle of Sharpsburg in which no decided advantage remained with either side, though we gained the day on each wing, but Gen. McClaws failed to attack, as ordered, in the centre, and so no results came from our advantage, though we held the field of battle all the next day and buried our dead and collected our wounded, and then retired unmolested across the river during the night of the 18th. The next night a large force of the enemy came across and routed our picket on the bank and took 4 pieces of artillery, but Gen. Jackson went down in the morning and sent them howling back, killing some 500 of them; since then all has been quiet. We moved our camp to near Martinsburg, and have been there until yesterday when we moved up here to find a better camp, foraging, etc. This country is almost destitute of every kind of forage or subsistence, for it has been full of armies for a long time. It is quite dry here too, though the people have been sending some. I could not buy anything in Maryland for the want of Maryland money, as we did not oblige them to take Confederate money, leaving every one to their own choice. I bought 20 yards of fulled cloth in Charlestown, some of which I intend for the servants, but will have to have some clothes for myself off it. When we are near a town, on a march, our wagons are not with us, and there is no way of carrying anything but on your horse, and when on duty that is impossible, so I have not been able to get many things that I would have desired to purchase for you and Harriet. You asked my advice about sending Elmore to Mr. Stover. I think you had better send him; it will be much better than to have him lose so much time. I also think it will be well for you to employ Allie and keep the girls going, have them pursue a regular system of studies though, not merely music and painting, but common things, Reading, Writing, Arithmetic, etc., and it would be better for them to have 4 or 5 other scholars with them: it affords a stimulus that is wanting where there is only a family. They cannot too thoroughly learn the common branches; they are the basis of an education, and unless completely mastered all things besides will be comparatively worthless. See that Allie has all that she wants, of everything that can be had. If I find needed articles I will buy them, but I do not expect to find anything unless we go North again, and I do not see any chance for that at this time. It was a great thing, a glorious achievement, to free our state from the enemy and drive him beyond the Potomac. Defence is our true policy much as we might desire some other, and as long as we can hold our foe in check, and strike him hard blows when the opportunity offers, so long we are doing well and our cause is prospering, we gain by delay and the enemy loses. Our army is filling up from conscripts and men returning from hospitals, etc., and it is thought we number more now than we did before the recent battles. We must reorganize, though, for many of our regiments have lost all their officers, and some regiments are reduced to mere companies. The Yankee papers say that one regiment of ours opposed two of theirs and three batteries and they could not move it. The 1st Louisana Reg. had 10 color bearers shot, and had 144 bullet holes through the flag and flag staff.  I have written to Staunton for a pair of boots,-to have them made. I cannot find a pair high enough in the instep. I could have bought a pair very reasonably in Md. if they had been high enough at the pinching point; as it is I am almost barefooted. I hope you will have grain enough for us and vegetables. I want to eat any quantity of vegetables if I should be fortunate enough to get home during the winter. I see no signs of peace as yet, and still think as I did at first, that only a change of administration will bring a change of policy in the North.  I saw any number of N.Y. men at Harper's Ferry, men of the better class. They had volunteered because they did not wish to be drafted, and New York had furnished her part of the 600,000. The privates all wanted to go home and stay there and were willing to let us alone, but the officers thought we ought to submit to the old flag, and had no right to set up for ourselves, and all such nonsense.  I hope I may get to come home before long. I am not very well just now; have a touch of diarrhoea and headache, but hope I may get over it soon. I am keeping quiet now.  My best love to all. I have some nice paper, envelopes, etc., for Allie and the girls if I can ever get a chance to send them to them. Write often, and I will try and do better, if we do not have so much racing to do. 