I have gotten up this early to write you a few lines -- I have not heard from you for a long time though I know you have written, but our course has been so erratic that letters have not been able to find us. We have gained a great advantage here -- we went into Md. leaving some 12000 of the enemy here in the Valley -- by going into Md. we cut them off from their communication, left a force to keep them cut off - then swept round by Frederick, Middletown & Williamsport and then swept them out of Martinsburg and gathered them all into Harper's Ferry & then came down here Saturday last and completed the [unclear: investment] of the peace -- having troops on all sides of it - - we put cannon on the Blue Ridge, drove them off the Md. Heights and turned the artillery there against them, so by Monday Morning we had everything in readiness & when we opened on them they found opposition of no use with raw troops such as they had and they surrendered unconditionally 11000 men, over 1000 horses, any quantity of wagons, tents, ammunition, 60 pieces of artillery, [unclear: 7] splendid guns, about 15000 stand of arms, all new &c &c -- one of the greatest captures of the war & we hardly lost anything -- true McClellan came on in force to relieve the place and Longstreet had great difficulty in keeping him at bay & lost some men by it, some distance from us in Md -- -- There were two complete Regiments there from Cayuga & Wayne Co. N.Y. -- The best of the people there, only 4 weeks from home many of them knew Dr. Rounds & the Hotchkisses of Cayuga. I wrote by Col. [unclear: Segom] a line to let our relations know that we were well &c -- We paroled all the prisoners & sent them off home yesterday I found all the New Yorkers glad they were taken, and anxious to go home -- the officers, many of them intend to resign at once -- a Major from Palmyra gave me his revolver & told me four weeks was enough for him & had altered his opinions completely. I never saw a more splendidly dressed set of men -- the officers were all splendidly equipped & every thing there was new -- artillery & all - nothing escaped but 1000 Cavalry that got out along the tow path up the Potomac by a mile -- We have had a good many skirmishes with McClellan & have lost something because our main force was directed here, but our troops were massed night before last and a battle was fought yesterday morning from which nothing reliable has been heard, though it is rumored that Burnsides & 13000 men were captured near Sharpsburg & Shepherdstown I hardly believe it. I am going there today -- We blew up the R.R. bridge at the Ferry yesterday -- I bought some goods for Allen a suit of clothes yesterday, will send home the first chance & this will be soon I suppose. Everything here goes towards Md. again --  Write often & through the old channel -- for I am anxious about you all -- If victory keeps with us, as heretofore we shall end this war soon & may God grant it that we may soon get home. Read the news to the neighbors & thank God for our victory -- Love to all -- & kisses for Nelly and Anna -- We got about 1500 slaves back -- Good bye & God bless you 