Your sweet little letter came to me day before yesterday, much to my gratification as I had not heard from you since my leaving so unceremoniously; so you may be sure I was pleased to find you in such good humor (by the way there is one of the worst rattle brains the world ever saw -- Tom Sneed a red- headed mischief of the Eng. Corps, at my elbow [unclear: raising]  -- so there will not be much coherency in my letter. I should have written before but yesterday the Yanks came up towards Orange C.H. as though they thought of fighting, so we had to pack up, start the train to the rear, get the troops together and go away through the fields to find them, but our cavalry started them back before the infantry got near -- so all we got for our move was a good ducking, a tramp through the mud, had our tents to put up about dark, in the same place on wet ground &c. but we got it all done, carpeted our floor with boughs and leaves and so got along very well -- I had an attack of cholera [unclear: Morbus] yesterday morning, a chill first -- cant imagine how I brought it on unless I ate to many fried apples -- for, though blackberries are very abundant in the field where we are, and we have a plenty of them all the time, I do not think they would hurt me, but I got along yesterday & last night took a cup of tea and slept soundly and so feel very well today. We are to have a quiet Sunday, no business going on -- Gen. Lee has ordered that no business shall be transacted in any of our armies on Sunday -- a very good order. The Gen. just told the Adj. Gen. not to issue any passes today too, so there will not be much moving about. I told you, before, about our camp, what a nice place it is in, but it is very hard to get anything to eat, save what we got from the Commissary. I want Nelson to buy, if he has not got them, and send me a basket of onions and two baskets of potatoes, in a barrel to Gordonsville, but I will write to him, and we want ten pounds of butter, buy it of Mrs. Wilson, or some one and you work it over & put it up as you did the crock for me in Staunton, so it will keep as that did, and send it too, we are now in a mess of four and share the expenses so we want these things, cost what they may I send you a sprig of cedar from Montpelier, the residence of Pres. Madison, and also another which you will please give to Allie from the same place -- we are encamped not far from Montpelier -- in the Red lined region of the State -- the land is red clay -- all red & everything is stained with the same color -- but it is rich and productive and abounds in fine scenery -- The enemy occupies a considerable of the Piedmont country -- mostly in the county of Culpeper and Madison scouting up this way some, & occasionally coming in as far as the by stations of the R.R. -- but they have not caught any train or done much damage yet and usually are made to pay for their temerity very soon. Two prisoners were just brought in -- they are from Ohio, but claim to belong to the 1st Va. Cavalry -- say they are very tired of the war -- dull looking cattle -- they want to be paroled, but not exchanged.  Let Nelly learn to write, by all means -- the three R's, as the old field teachers call them, are the foundation of education, book education, and they must be well learned to begin with -- the pencil and slate first, the pen & paper next -- I will get the things you want if I can find them -- I do not know when we shall move, or where we may go to -- I shall draw my pay at the close of this month and will send you some more money -- I do not know when I may be home -- but will come as soon as I can --  I am sorry you did not get a good bye kiss -- but I trust I shall be home again before very long -- love to all and kisses for the children. Tell allen his time will come yet -- Write soon --