I am spending the day in camp -- as there is no church near and the going is too bad, mud frozen so a horse cuts through, to go any distance, so I have been reading the Psalms and will now write to you -- I find it much pleasanter in camp than I had any idea it could be, in fact about as comfortable as a house, with a good stove -- if anything it is too warm just now, though chilly and windy without, and I find no difficulty in writing, drawing, or anything else I may desire -- then I enjoy the good warm biscuits that we have, with stewed peaches, coffee sweetened with the prepared milk we got at Winchester -- in fact I have not a word of complaint to make & if I can only keep up a moderate supply of butter & dried fruit I shall do well -- I though the exposure would make me sick, but instead I have been getting better ever since I came back & am now feeling exceedingly well and think I shall fatten on light duty, soft water and hearty eating. I am sorry I am not at home now to help to make you comfortable for the winter -- call on Mr. Wooster to do any jobs you may want fixed up & I hope I may at least get home for a short time during the month -- Can you spare me the little trunk -- traveling one?, and is it in good order, lock & all -- I want it for my clothes &c -- want to get rid of one big box to make room for my little mess box that I have written to Nelson to make for me -- give him one of the locks in some of the book case drawers to put on it, if they will suit. My Dear, I will tell you what I want in my box -- so you can put them up in your own nice way -- as no one else can -- 1st some 10 lbs. of butter in well salted lumps or prints -- have it well salted and you can roll them up in something and I can put them into one of my buckets here 2nd then about a gallon of pickles -- they will have to be put in a stone jar -- (I told N. to get 3 for you if he could find them) 3rd then about a peck of dried apples & peaches , half & half -- in separate bags (buy some more peaches like these if you can -- a half bush.) 4th 2 qts of dried corn 5th a peck of sifted corn meal -- well dried -- 6th a half peck of hominy, from Mr. Bear -- 7th A few dried berries, if you have any to spare. 8th chink the spaces with some very hard baked & beaten crackers that can stand keeping -- 9th If you can as well as not, get the tin can I kept corks in, it has a cover, and fill it with lard, for our bread, and then add, if any room, a link of sausages for Bos -- I will write to or about getting the box ready and sending it, to me, you fix the contents -- Have Mr. Wooster dress the cloth nicely -- full it well & &c for I must have a coat from it before long, tell him to do his best, and the big knife shall be his as soon as I can send it -- Do you want Allen again, or what do you wish in the way of servants -- it is time to be thinking about them -- write me and I will write to those that have & fix it -- Keep the Osnaburg -- I want some for some camp stools as well as for my coat -- use what you want  All is quiet here -- we drove out the gun boats the other day -- & peppered them well -- the Yanks are thick on one side of the river & we on the other -- The pickets have a talk now & then. One of the Y's asked one of ours if Jackson had resigned -- he [unclear: answered] yes. Why? sd. the other. Because Banks, his Q.M. Gen. had failed to supply him lately with stores, was our picket's reply & &c. Kenney has "biles" again -- is flat of his back reading -- The weather has been cold & bad, but looks better today. Shall I send for the Examiner again, or would you prefer some other paper -- the [unclear: time] ends with the year -- I hope not to impose so many labors in another letter, it is too bad to put so many things on you, but we must all bear & endure many things in this horrid war -- only the Lord grant that it may speedily end and peace and liberty again be ours -- Write to me soon -- very soon & I will remember to write often -- Kiss the children -- I will remember & write to Nelly before long - May God bless & keep you all in his merciful care -- 