 I got here this P.M. and though I am very tired I will drop you a single line to let you know that I got here safely, though the ride stirred up the bile awfully, and I was yellow enough with the Jaundice, but a good drink of cider last night cured it and I am better today. I pursued the army about 100 miles, in four days, and at last found it here in the lowlands, flatlands, swamplands, pinelands, sandlands, enless woodlands of eastern Virginia where, as I supposed, the Gen. wants me to make a map for him, for no one can get along here without some guide. Ask any one the direction to a place and he will tell you two or three ways, any one of which is twice as far as it ought to be. We are four miles from Gen. Lee's headquarters, but about 15 by the roads. I asked a man today the distance to a place, he said, "they used to call it 10 miles, but they "supervised" the roads a few days ago and found it only 8 miles, so I went on and concluded that they had better "Supervise" the roads again. The Yankee gun boats are at Port Royal, 15 miles below Fredericksburg on the Rappahannock river, and they cannot get up any higher and they have to get across the river before they can throw a shell on this side, and if they come up higher we can pick the men off the decks with sharpshooters. - No stir to report, everything is quiet and we are ready for them every way, I should think.  I think you had better let me have one of the large hogs as you said you had no choice, on account of lard.- Have Mr. Wooster pack it down, or you see to it. - I wish you would get some oak plank, thin, and have me a box made about two feet long and 12 or 15 inches deep and wide, with a good lock - not padlock, and hinges that do not show, with holes bored in the side 1/4 if an inch to let in air, and a pair of rope handles so I can have sent me a few substantial eatings from home, and keep them when I get them. - Fix it up pretty soon. - No living here unless you provide for yourself. I provided for a few things to go in before I left home. I wish you could find me 3-gallon stone jars, straight sides.- Write to me soon. Tell Allie to send her list to me - Love to all. I hope you may all be prospered in these times of trouble. Brother, I am fearful I may not get home to stay. Remember the fence and wood hovel, please, and lots of wood. Good-bye, love to all, 