 I wrote to you a few days ago but will drop a line again as I have some leisure this Sabbath evening and feel quite comfortable in my cloth house with a good fire in a stove and good table and candle to write by- much more comfortable than I had any idea a tent could be made in such cold stormy weather as we had for some days past. Everything is quiet as far as fighting is concerned, but there is much stirring about to keep warm and keep out of the mud, etc. The pickets of the two armies are on opposite sides of the Rappahannock river and they occasionally converse across the stream. One of ours was asked by a Yankee if it was true that Jackson had resigned, the reply was that he had; and when asked why, our man replied that his Commisary, General Banks, had failed to supply him lately,- at least so goes the story - We drove the gun boats out of the river the other day and gave them some good shots. I do not suppose Burnsides will attempt to cross the river soon, but if he does we are so disposed as to give him a fight. I do not see any chance now of getting home, but the opportunity may occur and I shall certainly avail myself of it. I wish you would fix up the box I wanted, at once; get Mr. Deatrick to make it if you have not the time. If you cannot get thin oak, make it of pine, only light and strong, take the hinges and lock off my long map box to put on it. I have written to Sara what I want put into it, - and you see if you can find some one to take charge of it to the army - perhaps Mr. Booth may be coming to Richmond and will take charge of it to the Junction, Hanover, and then send it to the care of Major Hawks. I enclose to Sara a direction to paste on the box. I want some hominy and some corn- meal. Please have some good ground and Sara will put it in some little bags to go into the box; - some leather handles, well put on, will do, only have all strong. It will be hard living here before long and I must prepare for it or suffer. I am gloriously fixed up in boots and overcoat - and have not suffered any from the cold, and my health has improved every way since I came here, but I find work enough to do. I hope you will not be weary and worried by my many wants and wishes - but you know soldiering will not last always and days I hope may come to us again, and then bother me, - but I know it is no trouble to you - you do it as my brother and so I do not hesitate to call on you. - Write to me by the Army Express when you send the box and then I can look out for it and Major Hawks will see to it.  Write to me what is going on, etc., I will write often. Try and find out what servants are going to hire for. I do want a boy badly -and if you can find some one to hire to fill Cy's place and Baylor will let him come I want him at least until Summer. The woodcutting and house tending you know I never could do and it's of no used trying to learn now. It won't pay. Remember me to Mr. Booth and tell him to call by when he goes to Richmond. We are about 30 miles from the Junction. If you can find any one to bring my box to me for pay I will pay them. Love to all. I will write to Allie soon. I have not been to Fredericksburg yet; have kept close during the storm and so have not much to write. Write soon, 