 I promised to write to you from Mr. Rude's, but I did not get here until quite late last evening & the wind was very high & the turnpike dust, the very worst I ever saw -- fine sand -- filled the air at times, & then I heard that Mr. Rude had gone to Synod, so I turned in to every body's home, (emphatically everybody's in these times,) where I happened to know the landlord, Mr. [unclear: Crabide], so I got a good room & clean bed, and as I found a storm, cold & bad, brewing this morning I have kept by a good fire in my room, truly thankful that I am so well off, when I see so many hundreds tramping along through the mud & rain or travelling in the overloaded stages & ambulances -- I went to church, the Old School Lutheran & heard most of a sermon on "the good old way", delivered in cadences, seemingly attuned to the organ that accompanied the music -- though the organ had stops that the player used but the preacher had none in reading or speaking -- though he got through at the good old hour of 12 m. -- It has rained quite steadily all day & the clouds still hang low & heay on the Massanutten Range that is visible from my window --  There is no news from the army, all quiet it is said -- Miss "Madam" Belle D -- and her [unclear: Potter], made their appearance at the dinner table, occupying "reserved seats" near the head of the board, and having a "private" cup of tea for the use of their weak stomachs -- She was quite elegantly dressed & he equally stylish -- I think she knew me far down the table, for she never looked up & "very modestly" conversed with her paramour -- I have asked no questions about them -- Belle is looking very fresh & gay but he is rather thin --  I spent the night, after leaving home, at Mr. Roler's at Mt. Sidney -- they had buried old Mr. Hyde that day -- he got thrown from a wagon & hurt. Dr. Moorman was buried the day before & a Mr. Ross was brought home that day -- Charley was at home, he has been exempted on account of health, but is uneasy and longs for the excitement of camp life -- wants to go on some light duty -- he is now in very good health & is fat. Miss Charlotte is about as usual -- very kind & got me a nice supper & breakfast -- Sheffey is tall and thin & looks badly -- They have servants & every thing seems to move nicely - - Mr. R -- lives in Staunton & does not often get home except for a few hours -- he is in the Stable business at the Va. Hotel -- I came Friday to Peale's at the cross roads from Harrisonburg to McGaheysville -- had a very pleasant evening there -- where we put up when we left H-g and went to Conrad's Store The people have many surmises as to the object of my passing along taking notes -- & I heard many strange reports -- One that I had selected a hill near Dayton for our winter quarters -- that report had spread widely. I could hardly make them believe that I only wanted to make a map of the country -- they suffered so much from the Yankee invasion of the Valley that they live in constant dread of a repetition of it and interpret everything that looks like a backward movement as ominous of danger -- they say Jackson is now where he was last year at this time -- therefore he will run the same round for next year; that is their logic --   I found it quite hard to take the weather again, after two days rest & housed by a warm fire & was quite chilly the first day, but got more used to it the second -- had a slight attack of diarhaea, but "the remedy" in the bottle checked it, and I am feeling very well now -- as well as such a raw and disagreable day will allow one to feel --  I hope you did not get the blues badly after I left -- you must not get into such bad habits -- for I may be able to make short trips home every now and then, but if they depress as much as they enliven, or perhaps more, it wont do -- So cheer up and keep in good spirits -- the war must & will end before long, one or two years more at the most, and if a Kind Providence spares our lives we may hope to again enjoy the blessing of peace, and with a keener relish from having experienced the evils and privations of a horrid war --.  Write to me soon, I expect to get to Camp in one week -- not much before, as I have quite a round to make -- God bless and keep you all Kiss Anna & Nelly for Pa --  Good bye 