I wrote to you just one week ago today, from New Market, but you will wish to hear from me again by this time & though I am on the wing so that I cannot hear from you as often as I desire I will not therefore deprive you of the pleasure you will derive at home from hearing from me. I went from New Market, after the rain of Sunday, into the upper end of the Fort Valley & went down to Burner's Springs and then across into the Luray Valley and down to Front Royal -- meeting there with my old friend of 1847, Mr. Marcus Buck & spent a very pleasant night at his house, well up on the side of the Blue Ridge, a place that he bought when Ralph & I were here then & which he has builded & planted until he has made it a delightful place -- orchards, vineyards &c & has a large and interesting family grown up around him, two sons Lieutenants in the army &c -- I found when I got to Front Royal that the army was in motion, found part of it on the way to the Ridge & all bustle on every side, the people excited with fear that the Valley was to be evacuated & they turned over to the tender mercy of the invaders &c &c. I went, Friday, to our Hd. Qrs., not far from Berryville, Clarke Co -- and spent the night there, found that the enemy had moved away from Sharpsburg and down the river & was crossing into Loudon Co -- and that our forces were so disposed as to meet them if they should advance and offer battle. There may be another great battle in a short time if the Yankees persist in coming on along the base of the Ridge towards Culpeper C.H. & Gordonsville -- and by God's good blessing they will get one of the very worst threshings they ever got if they do come on. There are all sorts of rumors about an armistice of 90 days &c &c but no one can trace them to any source entitled to credit -- and we all think the intervention story is about played out. I only wish there was some prospect of peace, some ray of hope on which to base a calculation but I see none yet. I am going across the Blue Ridge tomorrow, to what point I do not exactly know, as yet, but will write to you before long -- I may be able to bring myself around by home again -- I shall do so if in my power & so get my overcoat & boots, as I sent word to Nelson not to send them to me until he heard from me. Have my pants made by Mrs. Fisher and ready -- If you can find a suppy of butter, buy it, and I may be able to find some on my round up through Rockingham. I have read the New York Tribune of the 30th ult. it is full of Black Rep. speeches &c -- preparing for the election of next Tuesday -- there are strange combinations -- D. S. Dickinson and Horace Greeley speak from the same stump & for the same purpose, while Washington Hunt and Jon Van Buren go side by side. The Tribune says flatly that it thinks Seymour and Van Buren are antiwar men -- and that they pretend to be for the war only to get votes and so get into power and that when once in, they will make peace with the Rebels -- If the Democrats carry New York there are many that think there will be no more fighting, but that we will go into winter quarters and negotiations will be carried on during the winter for peace. I am not sanguine enough to think so, but yet place some hope in the division of the U.S. Congress so that there will be two sides to the question and then the will become a peace party as well as a war party. Some of the Democrats speak plainly of a change of men at Washington from the President down -- and Old Abe does not arrest them & so the power of free speech is again abroad and there is some hope yet that the love of freedom, inherent in Anglo Saxon men, will make itself heard & free itself from the bondage of its own rulers and then let us alone to choose our own way of life -- But I am talking politics and not writing a family letter -- which I wont do again --. So kiss the babies for me -- tell them to be good girls -- Nelly read the Bible be like the good women it tells about, and little Anna listen & do good thing too -- pray for peace & may God keep you all under his holy wing Write to me -- for I may get it Good bye 