I today recd. your letter of the 13th inst. and, though I wrote only a few days ago, I will write again, for I shall start away again tomorrow & may not find time to write for several days -- I fear you did not tell me all about the fire you had, and that you got hurt, or something else unfortunate occured that you have witheld lest I might be worried by it, but I hope not, and that you told me the worst about it. I have heard much about the coming of the Yankees, towards Staunton but suppose we have fuller and more reliable information about them than you all have, and Gen. Jackson does not attach much importance to the reports -- he told me today that Imboden captured a company of them in Tucker Co -- which is way out beyond Beverly, and I have no doubt the anticipation of a fire in their rear will induce them to turn back and look after their line of communication. I came on to Hd. Qrs. Friday, going to Winchester first, to find where Hd. Qrs. were, and there heard of Maj. McCues loss, for which I was very sorry -- People speak of his being on a speculating trip -- he wrote several letters to Gen. Jackson, while under the excitement incident to his  and what had happened, and I think the General put him down for a decided [unclear: sensationist], and so replied -- though I know not -- The General dislikes rumors, exceedingly, unless he can get substantial facts -- I don't believe he likes to hear of anything. I found our camp 2 1/2 miles from Winchester, on the road to Front Royal, meeting the Staff just as they got there. Maj. Harman had his tent fixed up with a stove &c, very comfortably, and had a plenty of good living, and moreover invited me to stay with him and so I have made my home in his tent for the two days I have been here -- It is very comfortable, about as much so as a room, only it gets too warm -- one would hardly suppose a cloth wall could be made such a shield against the cold. I shall start tomorrow, if it does not rain, for another trip that will land me at home in 8 or 10 days, coming up by the way of Conrad's Store &c, so I think I had better not send you any money by letter, as you have some still -- If felt any alarm about the occupation of Staunton by the enemy, I would come up at once, but I do not feel any, knowing the situation of things - McClellan has been relieved from command of the Yankee army, and had gone to Trenton, where his wife is -- Burnsides has been put in command, and the Northern papers think much time has been lost by the change -- Lincoln has damaged his cause much by this act, but it is a good thing for us -- . John Van Buren said, in a speech the other day, that they must have an armistice to give the people of the South a chance to elect members to Congress -- that Old Abe's Proclamation might become inoperative in that way. I see Giles was elected to Congress as a Rep -- the scamp -- but he has Dickinson for company. I would not wonder if the soldiers we captured at Harper's Ferry were allowed to go home if they would vote the Rep. ticket, and that the few Rep's. elected in N.Y. were chosen by their votes.   We have prisoners constantly brought in, four different squads in 24 hours -- The last batch was taken at Leesburg -- so you [unclear: see] have been back to the line of the Potomac again, or nearly so -- There was cannonading at Waterloo, on the Rappahannock yesterday, but we did not hear the result -- only a cavalry affair I suppose -- We are still stretched diagonally across the Valley below Winchester and below Front Royal -- I was much struck by the words of an Irishman of the 20th Conn -- who was brought here today, he having deserted from the Harper's Ferry army. He said he was forced to enlist, and his heart was not in the war, he would not shoot at the Southern people -- he had received more kind treatment in the few days he had been with our troops than in all the time he had been in the Northern army and he wanted to get home and stay there -- Dr. McGuire asked him why he did not join the Southern army -- he pointed Northward and said "I have a wife and children there" and said no more -- putting an Irishman's expressive looks on at the same time -- It was a volume of argument in a single sentence --   Gen. Jackson fully approved of my plan of operations since I have been gone and told me to continue to use, diligently, as heretofore, the good weather and make up my notes of as much country as possible, and then I might go into quarters at home and fix up my maps -- Good news, which you will be glad to hear -- he said unless the fortune of war made unforeseen changes necessary I should have my wish; so, a kind Providence favoring, I shall be able to spend my winter at home -- all at home -- and you will see much of me, for my work will be there. I will write to you if delayed longer that I expect now in getting home for a day or so -- I shall not probably get home for winter quarters before the middle of Dec -- I today sent up my old jacket and pants, some powder shot & caps for Nelson and 1 1/2 doz -- hose - use them as you please -- If's more than you want let Allie & Harriet have some -- perhaps you may [unclear: fix] some of them for the children -- the white ones are 62 1/2 & other 50 c -- I forgot to send the hdkfs I bought (over) I enclose you a couple of late Yankee letters, from , they show the inner life there -- we caught a Lt. & , Love & kisses from Pa -- & God's blessing for you -- 