I use the first opportunity that offers to write to you of my welfare & whereabouts -- I was about in Staunton on Monday, trying to find a servant to come to the army, but it was of no avail, there are so many to go to Richmond & so many that want substitutes, to send to Richmond, for their servants that they want to have stay at home. I took dinner at Dr. Young's and spent the night there, got my camp stove & all fixed, "that was a great deal done" you will say. I got up before day Tuesday morning and went over to the Depot -- found Maj. Harman there to see me off -- The cars were very full -- and such crowding before we got to "The Junction" -- the servants of course had it almost to themselves, so many going & coming -- as this was the hiring day -- I never saw so many slaves along the R.R -- We did not make the connection at the Junction -- and I spent the night there with the Commissary -- & some 400 soldiers were there too -- The next day I got on the train and could only get part of my baggage on, the crowd was so great, so I went on to Guinea's with the part and then came back and got the other part, spending the night of Wednesday at The Junction also -- but I finally got all things to Guinea's -- found my horse there & the wagon and came on to Hd. Qrs., all safe, everything in fine order, Boswell delighted with his clothes &c and we had a nice supper -- and he had fixed up a bed of cedar twigs & we had every thing in order -- he was much obliged for the sausages -- This morning we had a nice breakfast, eggs, and Brown, Garber, Allen, & Judge Lee breakfasted with us --. We are still at the same place, the Gen. has gone into a room, himself, all the rest are in tents as before. The Gen. is much pleased with his fine horse that the people of Augusta sent him. We are all much elated at the news today from The West -- hope it may all end well -- it will help on the coming of peace -- God speed the coming of that much to be desired day --  I enclose three buttons, to finish out the number for my vest -- have them put at the bottom -- get Mrs. Lickliter to make it & have the back of my old vest put in it -- Have Boswell's vest made by mine, she can suit, and get cloth &c from Lindsay to make it, and send me the bill of the cloth you get and the making -- Boswell wants round holes one side (his buttons have rings to them) and button holes in the other -- the same number of buttons as mine --. I hope Allen has come to you -- I could not find him Monday -- write to me very soon my love -- I heard from Grinnan -- he was taken prisoner by the Yankees & was at Fort McHenry -- Kiss the children for Pa -- I shall take your apples to the Gen. tomorrow -- Good bye & God bless you 