I know you are waiting anxiously to hear from me, so I will write now, the first chance, so that "hope deferred may not make the heart sick". My whole trip back was one of haps and mishaps -- only think -- four days for one day's ride: but I may as well tell you the ode (I mean the way) & the episode -- You [underscore] know when we started, but how we found the roads I only can tell & so we made slow progress, and my watch was a half hour too slow, so we got to Staunton just as the whistle sounded & I jumped on the cars with my heavy carpet bag and told Cy to put on my box -- I got on but the box was too heavy, so it missed & I had the mortification of seeing myself born away and my box standing on the platform, but "faint heart never won fair lady" or a good dinner either, so I rode on to Waynesboro, telegraped to the agent to take care of my box, found a freight train going to Staunton &, free of charge, rode back, found my box, all in order, transacted some business, found a letter there from Boswell asking me to get him numerous little fixings, which I got -- went with Maj Bell to dinner, and home with Capt. Lilley for the night as he was going to the army in the morning -- so passed the first day (By the way, Mr. Phillips promised to send you, or leave at Kaysers or Dr. Young's some Martins seeds for you.) I saw Mr. Walker in town and gave him $5. for you and some stamps -- he told me a good story of Mrs. Gaines & "the one that is to come", which I told the Gen. and amased him very much --. We were up in time Tuesday morning, you may be sure, through the snow, and got off in time -- Maj. McCue on board says Aunt Margaret has been very sick, but is now better -- he was going to Richmond - Everything went well till we got to Gordonsville and there our engine ran off the track & we were there several hours before it was gotten on the track Stuart passed there on his way to Culpeper Co. -- where I suppose he is going to make a raid. An old man on the train amused us much by his witty stories -- about pitch, tar & turpentine &c Mr. Van Meter, from Hardy Co. was on the cars, he says the Yankees have left that region - says Wm. Maslin is now teaching school on Lost River. -- Mr. V. wanted to know if I would not come to Hardy Co. and teach -- says he will find me fifteen scholars at $100 each for tuition, if I will come there -- and he is wealthy enough to make good his offer -- so there is one chance (D. V.) only it is too far North. I opened my satchel and divided my loaf of bread with Tate, Lilley, Van Meter &c, as they could get nothing there to eat. We got off from Gordonsville at a late hour and in the night, when near the Junction, 4 miles off, we found a freight train off the track, in a cut, so we were fixed and there we spent the night and the next day until noon, when we waded round, through the mud and got on a train that came up from Richmond, and by dint of hard lifting got our baggage transferred also -- the Richmond passengers coming round to our train, and then we backed to the Junction -- there I got my dinner with Maj. Kearsley & gave him some sausage, got my baggage on a freight train, sat up until midnight, Wednesday, then went on the freight train to Guiney's -- got there at 3 A.M. Thursday -- got into Maj. Hawk's tent wet and cold -- made a big fire & laid down on the bare floor and went to sleep -- tired out -- The mud & water cover the whole country, and some of the troops that were moving were almost lost in it. William brought my horse to the depot by noon and I got to camp a while before sundown -- almost miring, several time, on my way here -- I have not got my box up yet, for we are hav- ing all our carrying done on horse-back -- but the heavy rain of Wednesday night settled the roads some and yesterday and today the wind and rain have been busy wiping up the wet & we may soon have wagons going again. I cut my cake today -- it was very nice -- divided among my friends and took the Gen. several pieces -- all said it was very good indeed -- Boswell took a piece to Mrs. Corbin & what do you think he says she said? Why that "she loved me for it." Are you "just the least bit" jealous? I have been at work today, but it goes hard -- I have been up so coming here & exposed to the cold &c &c that I feel quite dull & unfit for d.  Everything is quiet here, and it is thought a good many of the enemy have left the other side, but they still have pickets there. Humpheys brought back some fruit & butter so we get along very well until my box can come up -- his wife was "big with child" and he is sorry he went quite so soon -- so he told Brown.  I hope my babies did not cry themselves sick but were well the next morning after I left -- . I was much gratified to see how much they were improving and growing girl like -- on the way to woman hood & hope they may continue the same good road --  I am too weary to think or write more, so excuse me this time -- write to me quite soon -- for I am anxious to know how you all are --  God bless you & keep you safely