I have been delaying to write to you, owing to a press of business and a mishap that befel me in the running off of my horse, compelling me to look three days for him, hard riding, in the rain, and it was only this P. M. that I found him, so I have not been in any mood for writing, you may well imagine.  William got back Monday, all safe, everything right & nothing broken, a few beans and apples mixed, but they were soon sorted & he had faithfully attended to every errand I sent by him -- he gives glowing accounts of the beauty of your yard, the condition of your wood pile and the air of "Comfort" that pervades all things "at home" & almost made me homesick with the recital Many thanks for your numerous favors -- I enjoyed a full meal much, being prepared to appreciate it from a continued abstinence of sundry days. I am very sorry the jars got broken, thought the blanket would keep them tight -- you did not say whether the molasses and sugar came safely -- they will aid in eking out your store of sweets -- I fear you denied yourselves to send me butter, in your noble self denying for my benefit -- I hope you did not, for I cand do without better than you can -- I bought me a new pair of pants today from the Q. M. for $7.50 -- so I am supplied & can let William have my old blue ones & he will be provided for. We are having very hard rains and the roads are very muddy, so there is not much prospect of any movements soon -- A few of the enemy came across at Port Royal a day or two ago, but they soon went back. The General's wife came up Monday and she and "Miss" Julia Laura (the lately arrived one) are now at Mr. Yerby's -- a mile below here -- the General goes down about dark and comes back to breakfast and prayers at 7 A. M. -- so is up by daylight, you see, a pattern for all good soldiers -- but one which many of them would be slow to imitate under like circumstances, I imagine. Mr Lacy baptized the "Baby" yesterday -- the Gen. says it is "very fine, very fine." I have been so busy looking for my horse that I have not my respects to Madam as yet, tho' most of the Staff have done so -- I may go tomorrow and will tell you about her as, of course, there is much importance pertaining to the "Lieutenant Generaless," as Smith calls her - - The soldiers cheered them when they saw him help her out of the cars -- You did not say what you thought of Lindsey's place after I wrote you the price -- I can easily borrow the money on long time and at a monderate rate of interest, but I shall be governed in the matter entirely by your views in regard to it. Nelson writes to me that Mrs. Opie is unwilling for her girl to go over the Mt. so he will send her to you & you will then be relieved from much drudgery you have had to undergo, and you can make such disposition of Allen's time as you see proper & make as much out of him as you can -- I will send you more money in a few days. You may give those a/cts of Dr. Butcher's to James Bear (Harvey's son) and tell him to get them receipted and I will pay them. I am very sorry for Mr. C. Bear & family & can but mourn with them. Pardon my short letter, My Dear, I am so weary after my long ride today -- Write to me often -- I have no fears of the enemy's coming to Augusta -- I still consider it safe, but admire your spirit under impending evils -- Love & kisses for you all -- & may the Lord's belssing be with you -- 