 This is the middle of the week, we are comfortably fixed in our new quarters, about a mile & a half from Hamilton's Crossing and a mile from Gen. Lee's Hd. Qrs. we got fixed just in time to avoid the snow storm which is now raging, and which will keep the Yankees quiet, for a time, at least. You have seen in the papers the account of the attempt of the enemy to make a raid towards Gordonsville & of Stuart's meeting them, with great inferior force and driving them back across the river -- the cannonading was very heavy, I suppose you heard it -- it was some 20 miles from here and we heard it very distinctly. our loss was considerable, but that of the enemy was greater, yet we repulsed them and broke up their intended raid. The loss of Maj. Pelham of Stuart's Horse Artillery was a heavy one, for he was a very gallant man & yet had a child like look & was a mere boy in appearance. The signs of an early fight were quite numerous, but this storm will put it off again -- Tom Kinney has been ordered to report to Richmond & he is going home to await orders, so I shall send this by him and enclose $20, twenty dollars to you -- my stock of butter is running low -- but other things hold out well and will last a long time yet. I do not expect you to try to keep me in butter dring the spring, it will be too much labor for you to collect it & I can get along very well without it while my fruit lasts -- the S. C. soups go a good ways too & help out amazingly. I am getting up a map of the county along the Rappahannock, as we may want it soon -- Breakfast is brought in & so I must eat & go to work -- I will give you the bill of fare -- stewed apples, butter, biscuits & middling, all in limited quantities.  Write me very soon -- I have waited long & written several times - - but the mails are so irregular I lay it to them, not to you, for I know you have written -- I shall write to Nelly in a few days  Your note of the 15th has just been handed --. I am sorry your throat is so badly off -- put some sweet oil on the outside -- it is the best thing I ever tried. The storm rages without -- my kisses and love to you all -- & may God's richest blessings be with you all -- Write soon