I have been intending to write to you for several days, but have been so busy and so tired that I have put it off until tonight, when I feel that I must write some, you will miss the letter as you "miss me at Home" these are long days -- O that I were at home now -- I so much enjoy the opening year when at home and delight to work some in the fresh cool ground and watch the opening to life of nature's promises for the coming year -- oh when will spring visit this land of gloom this winter of our sorrow & down upoon us with promises of joys in store -- God grant that it may be soon -- We had a very good prayer meeting this evening -- Mr. Lacy spoke of the Christian patriot -- how well he must feel when advancing to meet his foes, knowing that he was prepared for any fate that might await him & knowing that if a holy martyr his death would do the cause of his country more good than if he were wicked. We are having very cool weather for the season, in fact really cold -- but it must come warm weather before long, and then must open again this bloody drama -- how many, "now full of lusty life" will meet their fate the coming year -- ! God grant that all may be ready & prepared for any event that may come -- I pray that my life may be spared for my family, but I feel a calm resignation to the will of the Most High, perfectly satisfied that he will do all things well --   I went over to the 31st Va. Regt. this P. M. to see some of the boys I had known in the Mts -- they are from Beveryly& Huttonsville -- a hardy & brave set -- I paid Lt. Louy ($100) one hundred Dollars that Dr. Butcher owed him, and enclosed you will find the recpt, which you will please put away with my Butcher Papers, carefully, and let me know if it came safely to hand -- I also enclos you twenty Dollars -- I am going to write to Mr. Walker to come down and spend two weeks here, laboring as Dr. Lacy invites in the "central", I can keep him in my tent & lend him my horse or find him one to ride -- and he can take charge of some eatables for me and bring them down -- I am contriving some way to send home, how I have not yet decided -- The last of my butter will be eaten tomorrow morning, the pickles have departed & we are now engaged on rice & molasses, with fruit variations. We shall soon obey the scripture injunction and take no thought of what are eat or drink, for it will be one thing, bread only , and will require no thought -- Put up pickles for us if you can, but I reckon your stock is low -- mayhap you can get a few cabbages of some one for the purpose & cut them up so they will pack close & make much in little. I had a horrible headache Sunday, but had my hair cut & a hot bath for my head & got well -- am very well now -- I have absolutely nothing to write & am as dull and stupid as I can well be so expect little and excuse this -- Boswell is writing to his sweet heart -- all wrapt up in his own thoughts & I will go to bed - - so good night & God bless you all