I thought I would only write to you briefly, as I am feeling rather dull tonight, but I wrote out my half sheet and had not told you anything about the living world, the fleeting daily shadows that come and go over the ever stormy sky that now covers our humanity. Our camp is still under the hill, by the side of the run, under the shade of the oaks, cedars and hollys, the noise of the camp in our rear, goes up every day the same, one picket marches out and another marches in, the Yankee camp fires send up piles of smoke away off on the Stafford Shore, we build our fires, eat our meals, read the papers, talk & work in the most humdrum way imaginable, everything going as if wound up to run down & then wound up again -- a dreary sort of existance, a sort of trance after our perpetual motion, unending variety -- way of doing ever since last spring, with an occasional night mare rumor that promises to turn up some novelty, that vanishes when you turn over, or we turn the corner for the next days course over the old track I have not been away from my tent vicinity, but once to see the Gen. on some business, until day before yesterday, since I wrote to you, until day before yesterday when the Gen. sent for a copy of the Map of the Battle of Fredericksburg, complete as far as our wing was concerned to write his report by & as I had not information enough for that I rode up to Gen. Stuarts Hd. Qrs. to see his Engineer -- (he was away but stay I must & wait for him so I chatted round Stuart's Staff of which he is the genuine soul, always full of life & humor -- (he had gotten two sets of Hoops which he sent to his wife, who was at a house near by, and told the boy to tell her only one set was for her, he wanted the other for his sweet-heart -- and when the boy came back and reported that she said she would see about the other set, he had a very hearty laugh -- Major Van Borcke, a Prussian on his staff is a fine looking intelligent German & Stuart jokes him every now & then to see him blush -- he does it so charmingly. I spent the night with his Eng. Capt. Blackford, who came back late, after a visit to Fredericksburg, in which he had been picking up some of his uncle's books -- (By the way have my Intelligencers &c gotten out of the garrett.) Yesterday Gen. Lee reviewed a Brigade of Cavalry, in the rain, the time had been set and he would not have it put off -- I did not go to see it, but as soon as I got what I went after started back & had to come most of the way, 14 miles, in the dark & part of the way by a mere path through ditched meadows, trusting solely to the instincts of my horse to find the way, which he did nobly, and I could but admire the wonderful genius, or whatever you call it, that unerringly picked out in the storm & darkness, the right path among many similar ones, and brought me safely to our almost hidden quarters. I have been reading today, sermons, Bible &c and was up in the Gen's room a short time. Our supplies hold out well and we "fare sumptuously every day", thanks to your providence -- even Boswell's sausage still exists, with diminishing proportions tho. I wish you would send out vests, if they are done, to Staunton, to the care of Capt. Garber, to be left at Maj Bell's -- mine & Boswells, if they are done & send me the expenses of his. I sent the buttons for mine, which I hope reached -- Tom Kinney has gotten back, cured -- . Gen. Jackson's Hd. Qrs. gave the Fredericksburg people some 850 dollars -- Have Hamilton vaccinate the children if not already done, which I expect has been done already with your characteristic prudence & foresight -- I have a splendid map of the battlefield which I should like to send home, but Gen. Lee will not let us send any more of them away -- for we may fight there again -- . I hope Allen is a good boy, -- I will remember my promise to him about a farm in the spring if he attends well to his duties now & does as you desire -- I hope my little daughter Nelly is learning well these long winter evenings -- and little Anna is growing & being good -- & that they both are very kind & obedient to their Mother --. I sent for the Examiner & hope it has come -- I asked Mr. Stover to save the missing Nos. if no trouble to get them -- until very soon -- & may our God be with you all is the daily prayer of your husband 