I wrote you a few lines while on my way down, on the cars the 31st ult. but will write to you again though I have not heard and will not hear from you for some days, I suppose. I got along very well until I got to the Junction, where I could only get part of my baggage on the train; they stopped for so short a time, and there were so many to get on: it was New Years day and the great annual hiring, changing of servant's homes etc. was gong on and, therefore, they had almost the whole train devoted to them but I came on to Guineas' with what I had on board and went back then next morning and got the rest and at last got safely to camp with all my traps and by the aid of my many nice fixings obtained during my visit home I am enjoying camp life very much. I have been reading nearly all day. Went up to church but the house was so full I could not get in. The weather is delightfully warm; really spring weather and we have a sprinkle of rain, spring fashion too late this evening, but everything is clear now, 10 P.M.  We are all much elated by the news from the west. The success there seems to be complete and General Lee sends word tonight that Grant has evacuated Vicksburg, or rather his position before Vicksburg leaving his entreanching tools so we may reasonably hope for some indications of peace now the power of the enemy is broken at all points. How different the opening of this year from last; then nothing but disaster, now nothing but success: well may we rejoice and we ought to thank God for the mercies he so bountifully bestows upon us. I have more hope than ever that another year may find us again in the enjoyment of peace.   I heard that Confederate money is selling in Baltimore on the streets at 83 cents on the dollar. I think our cause is prospering finally.   I wrote to you about trying to get William for us. Get him if you can and we will pay what another servant for Peyton costs, more than is asked for William. I wrote the advertisement for the sale of the farm and sent in it my note to you. Hope Harman bought the farm. Write to me soon and tell me all the news. There is nothing stirring here; all quiet; everybody making themselves comfortable. The troops have built chimneys to their tents and pine brush stables for their horses. I suppose we will stay here for some time according to the present looks of things. My love to the family, Allie and all. Write soon. Goodbye, 