The quiet and rest of the Sunday Night bring to my minds eye my own quiet and pleasant fireside far away, which the will of others, not my own, keeps me from, and my thoughts will stray thither and busy themselves in wondering of the welfare of three fourths of my existence, and I think of it much as I remember to have looked upon the imaginary division of my physical identity when I had the typhoid fever last year. I know that at this hour, if all are in God's good providence, in the enjoyment of health, that Ma is reading something good to Anna & Nelly or talking to them about some of the things that "pertain to the life that now is and that which is to come" that are spoken of in the blessed book, and the children are all attention, Nelly especially, with her endless supply of questions and insatiable appetite for something novel or new, nodding her head and saying "Yes Ma'am" every now and then, while the "wee one" is curiosity when her fancy is struck but more disposed to the ways of childhood's thoughtlessness, while the mother with unending patience sates and renews the curiosity of the former, and anon tries to excite that of the latter -- and then will come the "good night" and the prayer to our Heavenly Father for mercy & protection to the present & the absent and the retiring to rest, thus committed to a stronger than human protection, but with thoughts of the one God designed should ever be near; but His wide designs are frustrated by man's evil machinations that destroy the peace of families, states and empires. O may the happy days come when the Prince of Peace, the Son of Righteousness shall make his advent again to the world, proclaiming the coming of the days when war shall be no more and every man may sit under his own vine and fig tree with none to molest or make him afraid. O that we might lives to see that blessed day and leave mankind in its possession and like Anna of old then "depart in peace" Not "All quiet along the river today", for we fired at the enemy attempting to fire a bridge or wharf on the other shore and the charm which has lasted since the bloody 13th of Dec. 1862 was broken by the sound of strife, and those that for a month have stood picket on opposite sides of the river, with no arms in their hands, and conversed on friendly terms, again stood to their arms and looked vengeance & destruction; but no more came of it than the leaving of the enemy from that point and all is quiet tonight. I was along the river yesterday & spoke to the enemy's pickets -- got a "Herald" of the 22 nd  It says it is evident that a separation must take place, that they cannot conquer the South, and it becomes New York, which has expended more money and men than any other state, to speak out and demand peace. One of the enemy's pickets yesterday proposed to ours to throw the arms into the river and all go home. It is evident that the peace party is gaining ground rapidly and if the 300 000 nine months men whose time expires in about 90 days, shall go home then, as they say they will, I should not be surprised if an armed armistice took place and there were no more fighting but a year of diplomacy. When Gen. Lee was down the other day he was diposed to be facetious & he called at Mrs. Taylor's telling "Old Jack" he knew the ladies wanted to see him & when in introducing him as the famous Stonewall Jackson Mrs T. said she hoped if the Yankees came over again he (Gen. Lee) would push them into the river. He replied Madam you have no idea what a cruel thing "Old Stonewall" would have done the other day -- He wanted to push the Yankees right into the river and I could hardly hold him and if ever they come over again I shall not be able to hold him at all." In introducing Stuart he said "This is that venturesome fellow Stuart, a pretty clever sort of man." The next morning Gen. Jackson ordered every man to have a bayonet given to him. I heard of your deep snow storm and fear you had much trouble from it, but do not expose yourself my dear I beg of you. William has come and does elegantly, he washed me some flannels and made them soft white and nice and he looks after everything finely -- I think Humphries will come up next week and if you have not sent the vests he will call at Maj. Bell's for them, or if they are there now young Lilley will bring them down. Write to me often, by mail now -- Sweet kisses for all -- some for your own sweet lips as well as the bairns & God's blessing for you all --