Yours of the 11th, one week ago today, came to hand yesterday, and tho' I have written to you twice & wrote to you yesterday by Humphreys, in sending back my baggage, yet I will write again in reply to yours -- We are quiet -- in camp and the voices of prayer & praise again goes peacefully up instead of the sounds of strife that have so much of late distrubed our Sabbaths. Mr. Lacy preached at our Hd. Qrs. at 9 A.M. & now he has gone to preach near Gen. Johnson's Qrs -- his text was "Seek the Lord & ye shall find him" &c -- a very good short practical lecture. The enemy came over to near Leetown, day before yesterday, cavalry & was repulsed by Stuart and driven back to the river at Shepherdstown -- the day before that they advanced from Harper's Ferry & were driven back, but they captured Col. Harman, who was thrown fromhis horse and stunned by the fall which led some of his men to think he was killed or badly wounded. A paper was taken from the Yankees at that time which had in an account of the riots in N.Y. City, resulting from an attempt to enforce the "Conscript Act", in which Kennedy, the Chf. Marshal & some of his assistants were killed, a square of the city burned up Governor's Island taken possession of the arms, railroads, telegraphs &c of the city held by the mob &c &c, all of which you will soon see, no doubt, showing that time long predicted of opposition at home to Lincoln's domination may have already come -- The rain interfered with us seriously & made it a matter of necessity, almost, for us to cross the river, we offered Meade battle for three days, but he went to fortifying himself so we came off and left him, passing the river in safety and our army is rapidly filling up from stragglers & convalescents & we are getting our men shod &c &c -- ready for what may be -page three- deemed best for the country - We regret the loss of Vicksburg, but consider that no vital blow was struck by its capture & we feel that upon the very heels of reverses our most brilliant victories have always hung & therefore, trusting in God, we look confidently to the future - The events I spoke of in the North have all transpired since the fall of Vicksburg - so you see the reputed "victories" of the "Union" army have not made the North a unit, and if you had seen, as we saw in Pa., the hatred of parties to one another, you would readily believe they never would become a unit. I started most of my baggage home yesterday & went to Winchester to see about my bundle - it went on to Staunton by Capt. Persinger & I sent it to the care of Maj. Bell, it may have gone to the Express office - it was wrapped up in a pice of oil cloth - you ought to have recd. it long ago - I know it went to Staunton. I saw note paper sold in Winchester Yesterday at $3 a quire, & suppose that is what it is worth, so the two bundles you will have to sell are worth $20, or $30 - I mean the two 1/4 reams of note paper - Keep everything else of papers I send back & see that all the things are dry before putting away -- I cannot send you any heavy articles & you must do the best you can & I will aid when in my power - I wish such extortion could be stopped -- but if you sell or trade away anything you must make prices correspond to what you have to pay -- in no other way can you live -- I am sorry for Mrs. Allen -- she has my heartfelt sympathy -- I thought they all were safe & had not heard of the deaths you speak of -- but "it is appointed, unto all men, once to die" and if they die nobly doing their duty it is well, they might have died as soon ingloriously at ease in the quiet of their homes -- they could not die before their appointed time & if prepared it is all well -- William is well & sends his love to May & the children, our loss at Gettysburg has been much eaggerated, we did not lose more that at Chancellorsville -- I am quite sure from returns that have come in, that 15000 will cover all our losses -- I sent you a few candles -- abolish night work -- for candles are not to be had -- it's a fact & facts are stubborn things -- I write on my knees sitting on the ground & expect to eat off & sleep on the grouond &c &c -- so go tho times & like reasonable philosophers we must adapt ourselves to them -- enjoy what we have & not think of what we have not. It exhausted my funds to buy my goods or I would send you money now, but will send when I draw my pay for this month -- Be of good cheer -- & May God bless you all. Remember me kindly to my friends -- Much love for you all at home -