I received, a few days ago, your letter stating that you had just received my second letter since the battle, only relieving you of suspense after a long time -- too long, for such suspense weighs heavily, & pressed out the life blood too -- but I hope you will not indulge in painful apprehensions or gloomy fore bodings, trusting that Providence will continue to be, as He has so far been, merciful to spare & save in all the dangers that surround us -- You have received my last letter, in which I enclosed some money & in which told you what I had been engaged in -- I have nearly completed my map of the Battles, to Gen. Lees satisfaction -- I expect to remain where I am -- as Gen. Ewell has arrived and taken command -- he was married two or three days ago to a widow Brown of Tenn. who nursed him while sick, being a cousin of his, her kind attentions endearing her very much to him, no doubt,The Army has been divided into three Corps, Longsheet still has the 1 st , (ours) Gen. Ewell's will be the 2 nd  & Gen. AP Hill is made Lt. Gen. and takes command of the 3 rd , all well officered, and we have our wishes gratified here in having Gen. Ewell to command the old army of Gen. Jackson -- as much of the ardor as could possibly be transferred to any man has been transferred by this Corps to Gen. Ewell, much of the "old Army of the Valley" turned out to meet him when he came and seems to be enthused by his presence -- an omen of good, I take it, for the success of his management of them; he is compelled to use his crutches still, though he has a a cork leg & will probably soon be able to use it alone -- I hope so -- I do not suppose we will remain here long, as the symptoms of a move are quite strong, we may go any day & we may stay here indefinitely -- I am sorry you was so disappointed in regard to my coming home -- I should have been along with Gen. J's remains but I was 20 miles off, on the battlefield surveying it, under orders,when he died and did not know of his death until after he was sent away -- I was at the post of duty, where he wished every one to be. I do not know when I may come home -- I see no chance now & may not find one for months to come, but, My Dear, you may be sure I shall come whenever I can consistent with duty, for I long to see you and my dear little ones, how you all must miss me, for if in the bustle and excitement of camp life my thoughts constantly go back to my home & its beloved trio, ho much more must your thoughts, undistrubed by the calm & quiet of the country, wander away to my unstable abiding places -- O! that the days of peace would soon come that I might again return to the routine of a quiet life -- that is all my ambition craves. I saw Thornton Stout & Capt. McRoberts today, both just from home -- I send this by Capt. M -- he says Nelson moved last Monday -- and I gathered from them some news from the county. My butter gave out today, but I do not see how I can get any from home -- Capt. Elhart is now in Staunton & would bring some to me if he had it there -page four- and so would Capt. Garber, but I do not know how long they will be there & so, cannot give you any definite directions -- how would it do to send the jar to Dr. Young and have him keep it in his cellar until he got a chance to send it by Capt. Elhart, Capt. Garber or some one else -- you be the judge of that, but do not by any means send away what you must want for your own use, unliess you can buy what you want -- I hope your chicken business has done well this spring. I send you sixty dollars in this, and I sent you forty the other day & will send from time to time so will have enough -- I want to send some & pay up the half years hire of William in July before long. Mr. Lacy preached us a splendid sermon today on the parable of the supper & we had a large and attentive audience -- Gen. Lee, Gens Ewell, Hill, Pendleton & a crowd of lesser lights -- I think Gen. Lee is one of the noblest men I ever saw -- he is a man ever way -- My love for you all -- I know my little girls must be growing rapidly, every way I trust, in size, goodness, learning, working, and all the like -- this is a busy world & all must do what they can -- Write often and to the Hd. Qrs. of 2 nd  Corps A. N. Va. and it will find me -- . Good bye & God bless you -- 