I got back today from my survey of the battle field in which I have been engaged for more than a week past, & employ this evening in bringing up my correspondence, limited as it is, I have only written one briefe note, and that to you, since the battles -- for it was necessary to use all the diligence in my power to get what I had to do, done & out of the way before, any thing else should happen -- It has been very warm & very cool too, quite changeable, but still healthy. You have before this, long before, heard of Gen. Jackson's death, funeral processions & burial -- he is gone and sleeps in the Valley he loved so much -- We miss him all the time & a void is made here which time can hardly fill -- it seems not like our "old Hd. Qrs. to any of us & less to me than to any one else, for my tent mate is gone as well as my General -- I do not know whether I shall stay here or not, I shall for the present. Gen. A.P. Hill is in command of our Corps, he is an able General & will fill well the place of Gen J. in a purely military point of view, but he is not a "man of God" like & wears not "the sword of the Lord and of Gideon", but still we have Gen. Lee, a good man & true, faithful in all things & we trust Gen. Jackson "still lives" to plead our cause. Our success was a decided one, the Yankess had exhausted every appliance to make Hooker's Army complete & it had the power of numbers, he could not have managed more men & yet we routed & defeated them at every point and compelled them to seek safety in flight, and though we had a large number of men wounded, yet many of them were slight & a large number have already returned to duty-our loss in killed was disproportionately small, less than usual for the numbers engaged, though the loss of officers was remarkably large. Some that we thought killed were only captured & will soon be back. Gen. Jackson was riding ahead of his men after we had routed the enemy & pursued them some 2 miles when, it having become twilight he suddenly came on the enemy's skirmishers & being appraised of it by some one he turned back, when a lineof our men on the side of the road mistook him & his staff for the Yankess coming back & fired on them, he then went towards the other side of the road & was fired on again -- by our own men -- Boswell had just gone to report to Gen. A. P. Hill who was putting his men in front at the time -- taking the place of Rodes' men who had been in the front during the day & he was a little behind Gen. J. when it is supposed his horse rushed forward & thus brought him under the fire of the volley of musketry the enemy opened very soon after our men fired -- Maj. Pendleton & myself came riding up a little distance behind, a few rods & came up to Gen. Jackson a moment before the Yankee Volley opened & I had started back after Dr. McGuire as the enemy opened several pieces of artillery on us in the road, a short distance off, with grape & canister, one of the most terrific storms of such missles I ever saw -- and I was only surprised that every one exposed to it was not destroyed for it raked the road which was full of soldiers, artillery, officers on horseback &c -- I hope to never be in such a place again. I went to the hospital where Gen. J. was taken & then to where Gen. Lee was, that night, aftermidnight, having to go a long ways & I did not get back to look for Boswell until noon the next day, in fact the enemy had possesion of the place where he was killed until about the time -- I found him looking perfectly natural, a smile on his face -- I have no doubt he was instantly killed, for two bullets went through his memorandum book in his side pocket & then through his heart. I got an ambulance and took his body to a nice family grave-yard, Mr. Lacy's brother's and there had a grave dug & wrapped his over coat closely around him, putting the cape over his head & buried him thus, in all the martial dress, lowering him to his resting place in a shelter tent I picked up on the field of battle, and then spreading it over him -- Mr. Lacy made a noble prayer & we finished our sad duty just as the moon rose over the distant hill of his own loved native county, Mr. Lacy, Mr. Brown & myself & the two men that dug the grave were all that were there & we freely wept a we left his manly form to await the last trump -- he was a Christian & has gained by the exchange of worlds, I doubt not -- and so too has our "Great Leader" for this life was to him one of constant toil and anxious care for the welfare of those entrusted to him -- and for the good of our beloved country -- they were both true to their country & their God --I am sorry the people despond. I see no reason to do so, but, on the contrary, much to cheer and gladden -- true lives have been sacrificed, but such is the price of liberty and without it there can be no redemption -- all will mourn, I doubt not, but the days must come when sorrow shall be turned into joy. I have not the most distant idea that Virginia will be given up, I see nothing to indicate it, but much, very much, that proves conclusively, to my mind, that we shall successfully hold it & perhaps make it too warm to hold the enemy at the same time -- trust still in God's protecting care -- the enemy has gained but little ground here, in Va. I mean & holds that at our discretion, as proven by the successful movement of Imboden & Jones, and I do not think the Yankees will ever be able to make another successful raid towards Richmond, Stuart will be after them -- he is now in the saddle & may be heard from ere long -- he commanded our Corps after Gen. Jackson's wound was rec'd for Gen. A. P. Hill was struck by a spent ball & bruised so he had to go off the field & nobly did Stuart lead it too. The conduct of the enemy is horrible in the Valley, but I hope our day of retribution will come soon -- I saw a poor woman yesterday whom the Yankees had robbed of every thing the third time, she had been in good circumstances, she was mending an old & tattered dress, the only one they had left her she said save the poor one she had on -- they had taken every thing she had laid up to eat -- she said she prayed & she hoped it was not a wicked prayer "That there migh never be another Yankee child born & that not one of the race might be left on the face of the earth by the first day of next June" -- & as she spoke the tears ran down her cheeks -- . I wrote to you about the Lindsey place -- I do not want it now & I will think about the other -- I send you forty dollars in this letter -- have you used your check -- If you put me up a jar of butter make it salter & hack it harder if you can -- It is late & I am tired -- so my love to you may our Heavenly Father bless you. Write soon 