I wrote you briefly the day we got here, to Morton Hall & have heard form you twice since, so I must write a few lines again, tho' but 3 days since I wrote. You have heard before this that my butter came safely to hand & very soon - I do not think it could hve stopped at Gordonsville Mr. R. must have been mistaken - we enjoy the butter much & I hope Mr. R. will continue his good offices in our behalf & get us some more for you to keep till this is gone, also some nice dried apples or peaches -- Up to the 7 th  you do not speak of getting the $40. I sent you by Mrs. Wise. I am very fearful your exhaustive labors have been too much for you -- I was in hopes you would have had Richard to aid you by this time -- I did not think you company would stay so long -- I am glad Allie has got a good place in Staunton, but am sorry, truly sorry, her fond dream of happiness has been dashed to the ground -- but perhaps it is all for the best God grant it may be. I hope she will be benefitted by the surgeon of the Blind Instn. -- She must not task her eyes to teach -- if she finds her eyes too weak she must not teach -- I do not wish her to --. Do not try to do so much My Dear -- I shall get you a woman at Christmas -- I hope Richard intends to come up - it is about the time when he would come up to see you. Does Mr. Walker go to the army this winter? Lt. Smith intends to become a chaplain next year -- he intends to leave us about the 1 st  of Dec. I suppose we shall have another fight here -- Gen. Lee is full of it, to wipe out the advantage Meade has gained & teach him a lesson -- O that we may gain a substantial victory here yet this year -- I hope the forces sent may check Averill -- of course they will do all they can to make diversions in favor of Meade -- but I think we have force enough for any emergency that may occur. I thought I would have a chance before this to send you some more money -- & I shall soon find a chance then you can pay James Henry the Butcher claims -- &c &c -- I want to pay up as many of his claims as I can -- & get square with my account. It has turned quite cold - and threatens snow -- We are in a house & do very well, but it sets quite hard on the soldiers. I cannot spare Lt. Koemer any heavy paper as I want what I have -- I think - if I have any to spare when I come at Christmas he shall have it. Get my pants made if you can - - I shall need them when winter sets in. I am truly grateful to our neighbors for their kindness to you & hope I may have it in my power to repay them -- the enemy is on one side of the Rapidan & we on the other -- most of them are encamped near Brandy - Good night -- my love to all & kisses & may our Heavenly Father bless & keep you is the prayer of 