I have a chance to send a letter to Staunton tomorrow & I cannot miss the occasion to give you a salutation -- (would I could seal it with a dear sweet kiss) and let you know of my welfare I added to my last that I had received yours telling me of Nelson's being over & yesterday I heard from him -- and he told me what he had done &c and that he saw Mr. Evans about straw &c &c and that all things were satisfactory for you -- but I expect to come home to fix you up for winter -- I am coming for 10 days, the Gen. says I may if we do not have to move or any thing in three or four days, we shall know tomorrow I reckon, when Gen. Lee is expected back from Richmond, where he has been, in constant consultation with the President, for a week past -- he is said to be in fine humor, and that augurs well for the way things are going on -- I want to come home with my horse & William, by way of Nelson's, two horses, so I can look after mothers & be prepared for any changes of position of the army -- and we can take some good rides too I hope -- but I will not build any castles -- war is an inexorable tyrant & delights to overturn the cup of happiness just as it is about to be quaffed -- but we will hope and pray that these days may be shortened -- and that taught by the stern necessities of the times how much we are essential to the enjoyment of each other,we may be allowed to spend many years of usefulness in the quiet of a happy home -- We are the arbiters of our own conditions more than is usually supposed -- and I am more and more convinced, by the experience of every day, that we are happy or miserable & that we make those around us happy or miserable at our own will or pleasure -- but no more philosophy. Dr. Dabney is here on a visit, collecting information for his life of Jackson -- & I am going tomorrow, with him & Gen Early, to the battlefield of Cedar Run -- I think he will make a good life of Gen. J. and still leave room for another work -- he preaced at Orange C.H. today, I went to hear him -- he preached a capital sermon on Faith -- he enquired particularly after Bro. Walker & spoke of his great regard for him & his modest worth. There are many chaplains coming to the army, many men are coming for several months & there is a blessed work going on - - Mr. Lacy preaches every day. If you need any money call on H. Bear, or Dr. Hamilton -- it is so uncertain in a letter -- I have it ready for you, but hope to bring it myself -- if I do not come I will send it -- Nelson says Harriet has given up her [unclear: ideas] about going to the North & he is happy again -- how true the Apostle that a married man only cares for his wife -- Excuse my brevity - write soon my love -- Kiss the darling children remember me to Allen & May God bless you all -- 