I recd. yours of the 14 th  today, so long, on my way up here to see if Mrs. Wise's daughters had heard from home -- & as Uncle Jeff goes up tomorrow I avail myself of it to write you a few lines. I am much gratified that Allie has recovered from her worst state & reason has resumed its sway -- I think she has done right & am ready to sustain her -- I wrote fully in my letter of a few days ago & hope that has come to hand. As to Lora you must do as you please & charge as you please, I have not a word to say, only I fear you would have too much to do -- I want you to use yourown judgement, for I am not at home to aid you & all the trial would be your own -- I know you have enough to do & unless you were helped at the same time I fear you would only add to your cares & I do not want that -- but as I said I cannot advise - I wrote to you to send the butter I hear from you that Reed has butter & Cheese for me at quite a reasonable rate -- I am much obliged to him & now the getting of them -- the ladies tell me that Mrs. Wise is coming down next week -- perhaps she would take charge of them especially if she has any one with her & I will be under many obligations -- or Mr. Reed may find some one coming to the army who will bring them toBrandy Station -- where Maj. Hawks will take care of them -- he is at Dr. Harris' house a short distance from the depot -- have Reed box them securely -- & I want them to come by some safe charge --  Mr. W. J. Points comes down day after tomorrow & if Reed can get them to him he will bring them down. We are on hard tack, bread & meat but in very good quarters, in a roomy old house -- "Berry Hill", 4 miles from here -- full of broken furniture which the Yankess destroyed -- If my butter & cheese get here I shall live very well for a long time & they will be as cheap as any thing we buy. Get him to get you some if you can --  I am very well & very hard at work -- I heard today that Imboden captured 480 Yankees at Charlestown but was retreating up the Valley Much love & Kisses for all may our merciful God bless you --   Write to me soon - the young ladies here send you much love --  My regards to Mrs. Wise & family -- Tell Allie to be of good cheer.  I will write to Mr. Bear in a day or two -- I am waiting to hear from some of the officers of the Eng. Rgt It was a roll of flat cap paper I wanted to send to Lt. Koerner -- the thick white & I had put 40 sheets in one roll -- not the thin but the thick  Good bye my love 