It has been some days since I wrote to you a letter of any length, as the letter I sent by Capt. Carroll enclosing $100--, had only a few lines in it as he was on the point of starting when I heard he was going. Nelly's letter came a few days ago also, & I was very glad to hear from you all through her, very glad she wrote to me & I will write to her before many days, but I was sorry you are still unwell, tired out by your many cares -- I hope Richard has been up to see you or will come soon & look after those wearisome things that take away your strength and do not invigorate you. I do hope the Lord will let us end this war before many months, that we may return to our homes & look after our households & cheer up our wives & children -- We are quietly resting here, with no signs of an advance, tho' the enemy may come any day, if they intend any movement this year. I suppose the Yankees have got the cars running to Culpeper C.H. as they have finished the bridge &c. They are encamped near Culpeper C. H, & from there back to Brandy -- The President came up yesterday & is to reviewour corps in a few days -- it is said the President is in fine health & looking better than he has for a long time. Col. Pendleton went up to Orange C.H. to church today & says the Pres. & Gen. Lee were both there--. Gen Ewell & family went to Charlottesville last week, as his leg is not very well -- though we hear he is better & will be back in a few days. Gen. Early commands the Corps in his absence & is here at our Hd. Qrs. I am very glad we are so well situated, and I am making good use of time to get my work advanced, hoping to get off early in Dec. & be home some 3 weeks at Christmas -- if I am not disappointed -- which I do hope may not be the case. I suppose Gen. Ewell will bring his family back, though all are much opposed to having women in camp, as officers neglect their duties to attend to their wives & when any movement takes place instead of seeing their commands off -- Mrs. E. seemed to think all were glad to see her go, for she had to make that remark as she bade us good bye. Hon. Jere Morton's family is here in part of the house, having left their house on the bank of the river, fearing that if the Yankees attempt to cross, a fight may take place near the house and they do not wish to be in the midst of it. Mrs. Morton is one of your trim, smart, busy bodies -- at the same time one of the most perfect ladies I have ever met with -- tho' we see very little of her since Mr. Morton went away a few days ago & she, good wife that she is, keeps her room, disconsolate I suppose, until her nice old man returns. We had a good rain all day uesterday, but it cleared off this morning & we have had an elegant day - warm & sunshiny -- I went down with Mr. Lacy to the guard house this morning with Mr. Lacy & he preached to the prisoners, -- a very good sermon & then I have read some & talked some & thus the day has passed -- There is quite a crowd in my ranks, Smith, complaining, lying in the corner, Mr. Lacy stretched out on my pallet & saying good things, Dr. McGuire in the corner & Pendleton near bye -- & Capt. Milbourn of the Signal Corps has just come in -- says there are 3 Corps of the Yankees on this side of the river, & two Corps on the other ridge -- My Company keeps up a running fire of wit & humor, so my letter has but little connection, tho it will be a message -- I am enjoying excellent health & get along nicely -- my butter is lasting well and they are now issuing Sweet Potatoes as rations to all the army I wish you had some of them -- I spend my nights copying letters from Gen. Jackson's Letter Book -- collecting materials Dr. Dabney has also some of them copied - The life of Gen. Jackson by McCabe is a pretty good one -- This is the first Sunday that it has been quiet for a month -- it seems almost strange to have a day of rest. Last Sunday we had just finished breakfast when they opened artillery at Raccoon ford & we thought they were coming over --- so we hurried up & packed & flew round & started the wagons off, & the troops went to the front & there was a general stir - but it all amounted to nothing -- only a cavalry demonstration -- so we got back to our old quarters & got dinner about 8 P.M. -- . Nelly says Allie went off in good spirits -- do you think she is reconciled to what has happened? & how is Sterret getting on -- ? Do you want any more money just now, if so please let me know -- . How are you getting along my lone Dove -- I fear you have many troubles. Can I write to any one to do anything for you. Kiss Anne & Nelly for me - - Pa sends them his blessings & hopes they are always good & kind & trying to be good -- Do not overwork yourself my Dear, try to get along by doing as little work as possible & I hope I may be able to fix you better at Christmas -- Write often My Dear -- I long to see you -- May God's blessing attend you -- 