I wrote to you from Bristoe station while we were on the march just before we started back. I have not heard from you but not considering that I avail myself of the quiet of the early candle lighting of this Sunday night to speak a few words by pen as I would by mouth if I were near enough.  We did not succeed in heading off Meade; his conscripts are too fleetfooted and we have no "Old Jack" with the "foot Cavalry to beat him in a long race, so we only had a fight with his rear guard in which a portion of A.P. Hill's corps got the worst of it for a short time and the enemy fled before we could join a general battle, so we could only turn around and come back as our rations for man and beast had run out and there was absolutely nothing were we were but ruined houses and a waste and howling wilderness and no enemy to fight except in the fortifications of Alexandria and Washington.  Stuart remained there several days subsisting his men on nothing and his horses on the commons and had several fights with the Yankee Cavalry in most of which he got the better of them: in fact all the glory of this movement, if there is any, belongs of the cavalry. They fought elegantly, charging the enemy on all occasions and carrying everthing before them, capturing hundreds of Yankees. Our infantry witnessed the charges of the cavalry and cheered them on. As we came back we tore up and burnt the ties and bent the rails of the railroad back to the Rappahannock, destroying it completely and we are now hauling away the rails of that portion of the railway that is nearest to us.  The enemy pickets some 5 miles beyond the river and we have a skirmish with them every now and then but there is no prospect of a fight and we may spend the winter here for all I know, judging from all appearances. We are at a deserted house and I have very comfortable quarters in a large upper room with fireplace. This was an old place; a fine family mansion well furnished, but when the Yanks were here last they broke up the furniture, tore up and carried off the books, smashed the books and made a general desolation.  I suppose Allie may have written to you of Sterritt's health and his disinclination to marry now. I hope he has gotten better and come to reason. If not I must believe he is insincere and has trifled with the affections of one of the most loving and confident of her sex. If so shame to him. I hope it may not prove so but have my fears and though Allie has pride enough to bear up outwardly it will be a crushing blow to her spirits which she can illy endure in the present state of her health. I hope to soon hear more of the matter and in the mean time hope and pray for the best.   I saw McCue when I was home and spoke to him about the Hogsett matter. He said it was no matter about it but did not tell me what wrote. I am thankful it is thus disposed of and I will pay it up as soon as I can.  I was so unfortunate as to have my horse taken the night after I got back for camp and but for the kindness of Mr. Harnsberger, one of my former pupils, I would be on foot. I hardly know what to do with existing prices staring me in the face for I cannot save enough from current expenses from self and family under the most rigid economy to buy another but some way will be provided. As General Ewell says: "I will fall on my feet, fall as I may".   Can you find the potatoes for me. I shall come to see you when the prospects will admit of it. My love to all. Write to me soon. May Heaven help you all. 