I have written to you several times since I have heard from you but no my letters have miscarried or something else and I cannot deny myself the pleasure of dropping you a few lines. I was home for a single day last week and found them all well and getting along finely, saving the war constantly waged between Jordan and Mrs. (what do you call her in the orchard?) and my family, being so near of course a few of the bombs will explode outside of the line of regular attack, but the peacefully inclined neighbors were intending to interfere so I suppose a truce has been declared by this time. Uncle Wooster was the sole monarch at the Big House and was reveling in all the glory of an extensive pigsty into which he had converted the entire house. Everything was looking finely and the promise of abundance was cheering. Harvy Bear was complaining but all the rest of the people were well. I did not see Allie as she was at the Springs but heard she was getting better. I want her to go to my house and stay. She had become Acclammated to the Valley and its water and can stand the climate there. I was very sorry to hear that you had so many of you been sick and am extremely anxious to hear if you are better. I was fearful of the change of water but hope you may all survive from the effects when the weather moderates. It has been intensely hot but the Army has stood it finely and is in fine health and spirits. We have frequent thunderstorms that cool the air and keep it healthy. While I am writing now at night the big drops are pattering on my cloth house and the thunder is rolling overhead but we are on a hill and the water runs off so we do not mind it. I have just written a long letter to Allie in reply to one she wrote me more than a month ago and which reached me a few days ago. She wants to go home to N.Y. but I do not see how the difficulties are to be overcome. No passports are granted and if she got outside of our lines there would be no getting back and she is as anxious to get back as to go. I am sorry the poor girl has so set her heart on gong for it will be hard on her not to go: then the funds are so hard to obtain at the present ruinous rates of exchange. I do not know her views now, her letter was written so long ago, but I have written to know her wishes and will do all in my power for her but that will be little for a nonproducer stands no chance now and one in the army can only say with the poet "'Tis strange that bread should be so dear and flesh and blood so cheap." It is far better to have no passing to or from the north now. It creates suspicions and looks badly to the army and those engaged in fighting against our cruel and outrageous enemies and I do feel that the less we have to do with them now or hereafter the better.  We are all getting along very well. The army is rapidly filling up and all are in fine spirits. The enemy keeps near Washington and will probably stay there. I am very busy now but will come to see you if I can so tell me how I could get there and the best way. Do the cars connect from Gordonsville? Write to me at once and let me know how you all are. My love to all. My best wishes to my friends, the Dr. and family. We have no news. All is quiet, but we are ready and keep watch and ward, excuse brevity, the Lord be with you all. 