I got to Staunton by half past five and had time to get all my errands attended to before the cars started then got along very well to Orange C.H, & there Mr. Shaw invited me to spend the night at his house, so after paying my respects to Gen. Lee & chatting a while with Maj. Harman I went up & had a good night's rest on a feather bed & I tell you my Dear I stood in need of it, for my early start, hard seat & a little cold & the all days ride in the cars had wearied me much & I was decidedly nervous, but the night's rest refreshed me. William got there in good time. This morning I got up early, breakfasted with Harman & then rode down with Maj. H. to Hd. Qrs. fifteen miles -- quite a pleasant ride, the air bracing. I found them at Morton's House, "The Hall" a very nice place & all in the house, though the tents are up in the yard "for charn" Mr. Robinson had a room in the house -- big fire &c, so I am quite comfortably fixed & though somewhat jaded, hope to stand it very well. Everything is quiet & there is no prospect of fight at present, though one is expected here before long -- I hope you were not made sick by your many labors of the day before my leaving. Please send me back my letters -- you can put them all in one of yours. Tell Mrs. Wise I saw the Rev. Mr. Slaughter who had seen some people lately from Culpeper & they said Meade had his quarters at Mr. Wollocks & had a large drove of cattle in that vicinity -- The ladies that came out lived near Mitchell's Station & were compelled to come away for want of food, they had to ask Gen. Warren (Fed.) for something to eat before they could come to our lines -- it was said the Yankees had killed a Mr. Nelson at Culpeper C.H. -- but in general they had behaved very well -- I found all very well & enjoying their comfortable quarters. My snack was delightful -- Maj. Allen & brouther ate with me -- Gen. Rodes got on the cars at Charlottesville -- he said he had got a fine boy & his wife was doing well. Aint he a lucky man? I forgot to tell Allie that I did not get a chance to see Capt. S. privately - - sorry I did not -- but she must be of good cheer & hope for a change -- time mends all things even rheumatic joints.  I shall write to you again in a few days & send some money -- I wish to go to the C.H. tomorrow.  Kisses & love for all the children including allie & the rest if there & a full  for you my Love -- Write to me soon -- very soon: By the way I left a roll of paper on the pile of big books, which I want sent to Lt. Koemer, Staunton care of Maj. Bell -- send it soon to Maj. B -- Good bye & God bless you 