I know you are expecting to hear from me & I will not disappoint you by a longer delay. I wrote you on Sunday -- We got off on Monday & got through to Hd. Qrs. the same evening - all in good spirits &c -- I found my horses at the Depot -- they had stood the trip well -- Found Mrs. Ewell still here but making arrangements to move to Richmond -- she was much pleased with her things - butter, eggs & flour -- She has been at work today packing up & starts tomorrow We are all much gratified at the news of the capture of Plymouth N. C. by Gen. Hoke of our Army -- he took 1600 Yanks & many guns &c, thus made possible some other movements that you will hear from before long -- I hope & that will do us much good -- every thing seems to work well this & by God's blessing I think it will be to us the most successful year of the war --  Every thing here is very quiet but the storm may come at any time I think we are ready for it & that we shall succeed -- Everything here is as quiet as the country away from the army -- we only see the soldiers now & then as they go to or return from picket -- The General intends to go into camp in a day or so so that we may get used to it. The grass is very nice & green here & our horses are doing well -- if we can stay here a short time they will improve much --  The Chief Commissary sent us some fine fish today -- I wish I could send mine up to you -- they issue good rations to our troops, better than ever before -- but corn meal is the only bread stuff they issue now --   I have been a good deal amused by a Life of Gen. McClellan, by [unclear: Portorn] that they have here -- it was evidently gotten up under "Little Mac's" own eye for his benefit -- but there are many rich confessions in it.  I sent a good many things home but want to send some more as soon as I can -- I do not intend to be troubled by much baggage, especially as we are not allowed much --Col. Faulkner was here a few days ago -- he desires to come back to the Army & will come to our Hd. Qrs. I suppose -- he is not satisfied away -- Dr. Dabney will soon publish the 1 st  Vol. of his Life of Jackson -- it is said, by those that have seen it, to be very well written -- he makes no mention of "Maj. Gen" -- L. H. Smith of the V. M. I  in all the book - because he could say nothing creditable to him in reference to his dealings with Gen. Jackson.  We now have a Maj. Gen. -- M. L. Smith as our Chief Eng -- I have not yet made his acquaintance -- he rides his horse as erect as a ramrod. Pendleton looks finely -- getting married has had a good effect on his appearance -- his wife has gone to Richmond to live with a cousin of his -- who is on duty there -- The change in water has made us all feel a little badly, but we are getting over it --  I am working closely to get ready for the campaign -- Write to me often -- I shall be very anxious to hear -- Many kisses for you all -- Nelly & Anna & "My Dear" May the Lord bless you - 