I thought I should have heard from you before now -- but I suppose you have written my letter has stuck by the way -- I have written twice, but know you expect another this week and I would not deprive you of the small amount of pleasure that lies in my power to confer on you -- We are now having fine weather & expect to have active operations in a few days. Grant still employs himself in reviews & changing his camps -- he has also been digging some entrenchments this side of Culpeper C. H. on Mrs. Green's land -- The grass here is quite green & our horses are doing very well -- picking up after the hard winter they have passed through most of them are quite thin & look badly. I have been much pleased listening to the songs of a mocking bird that sings every morning at my window & calls around him all the varieties of birds that frequent the place by imitating their notes & "calls" -- it is quite amusing to see a bird come flying up to answer the love call of its mate & as suddenly turn & dart off at a note of alarm seeming to come from an enemy -- The bird is a very plain looking one, but certainly quite wonderful -- I today packed up another box to send home, which I shallsend to Staunton to the care of Maj. Bell--. I enclose the demijohn & one crock in the box -- if any one goes to staunton in the course of two weeks they can get it, but do not borrow any trouble about it -- I sent back nearly all my clothes -- want to take as little baggage as possible so I may have room for something else if we succeed in getting anything. How cheeringly every thing goes on this Spring -- we seem to be favored in everything and if we can only whip the "Army of the Potomac" I think we shall be in a fair way to secure peace by the close of the year -- Mrs. Ewell has gone away & the poor old General is almost disconsolate -- gets up early in the morning & walks about nearly all day -- he is very active now & in fine health & sprints -- we are enjoying the butter & pickles very much -- How comes on the garden -- the stock &c & & especially how comes on my dear little wife & my two babies -- Heaven bless them. It almost made me homesick last Sunday to thing that I was so far from home -- My kind regards to Mrs. Wise & family -- I have been so busy I have not had tiem to call on Mrs. Stubblefield. Be sure & write to me often -- & tell me if there is anything you want & how you get along -- I am so sorry I have to leave you thus all alone -- but our God will protect --  Good bye my love & kisses for you all 