I rec'd yesterday a letter from you & one today, both very welcome as I had not heard from you for some time & had not heard of the reception of the money I sent you, but I have heard all now & am very glad you are getting along so much better than I could have hoped -- I feel very grateful to our neighbors for their attention to your wants & hope I may be able to repay them in some way.  Well, we got back to our old quarters again today, Mr. Meade would not stay & fight, he ran away night before last & recrossed the river, we followed as soon as we saw that he was gone, but he had too much the start & we only succeded in catching some 300 of the stragglers & rear guard, so we turned round & came back as the enemy had gone to his old quarters over in Culpeper. It was said by the prisoners that when Meade's men saw how we were prepared for them that they could not be induced to advance although ordered to do so. They behaved -page two- in that portion of the country they were in, stripping the people of every particle of food, burning the houses, almost over the heads of the helpless women & children -- in one case carrying an old lady out of the house on a litter & then applying the torch -- & nearby committing atrocities too horrid to name. The ladies say the conduct of the negroes was worse than of the beastly Germans & Irish. Meade's men were without food for over a day, our cavalry preventing a supply from reaching them. I am sorry we did not get a chance at the enemy -- we were ordered to advance on them the very day they fled & a sanguinary battle it would have been. Gen. Lee was so hopeful & thought we would be able to do them a great deal of damage & punish them as they deserved. Meade thought to fall on our flank & surprise us, but found all on the alert and ready for him when he came out of the immense body of woods that covered his movements. I have written to you twice since we started on this movement. Do not borrow any trouble about me -- I have -page three- two horses instead of none -- I have bought one, for which I pay $500 in monthly payments & I have another that I found while looking for mine, a very good little horse, which I have been riding ever since -- Gen. Ewell says fall any way I may I will light on my feet -- so I suppose I shall always have a horse to ride. Pendleton had to put off his marriage on account of this movement of the army -- there was quite a party assembled at Moss Neck, but no bridge groom came -- I suppose he will soon go, now we are likely to go into winter quarters --. We have had some very cold weather for a few days past & have felt it keenly, exposed as we have been to it in the field - but today it has been very pleasant. I tell you I expect to enjoy a good rest tonight & a long one - we have been roused up at 3 o'clock almost every morning for a week past & then did not get to sleep until very late.   Did you buy me any molasses of Mr. C. Bear or any one? I wish you would secure me some good if you can -- -page four- I have not yet made my application for a leave at Xmas, but do not doubt I shall be able to get one -- I will see if I can get some sort of a jacket for Allen -- I am sure one could have been gotten out for him of the kind worn by the soldiers, like mine at home, especially if something else, as my old jacket were used for all the inside pieces -- Get my pants made if you can -- I am very sorry for Mr. Erwine -- he has a large family to be thus turned out of doors -- I will try and get you some tallow & bring it home -- I got Nelly's letter and will write to her again before long -- I can but think Capt. Sterrett did wrong by Allie, for he had cultivated her acquaintance long enough to know her well -- but I hope all will be for the best--  I suppose Mr. Lacy will become one of my mess the next month -- he says many of his friends have offered to send him some good things to eat & he will have them brought on. --   My love to all -- & kiss the children for Pa -- & may an ever present & merciful God bless & keep you all -- Write often -- 