I have not heard from you for a long time, tho' I have written, and wrote last, but I know you expected me before now, and I was sure I should have been to see you, but I am not my own master, as you very well know, for all of us in the army are entirely subject to the wills of others. I got a furlough of 25 days the middle of December, and came home and was constantly busy to provide for the wants of my family for the coming year, intending to go back to your house, but the very day I got back to camp I was ordered to the Valley for duty, and have my headquarters now in Staunton, though I shall spend most of my time in the mountains.  But, oh my Brother, I have sad news to tell you, our sister Jenny is dead. She died after the birth of a child that died also; thus we depart, one by one,- how sad the condition of our poor parents, now living at the old home, by the bridge, to have one by one those that have been their solace and support taken from them. Would God that we might be near to comfort them in their declining years. It is a heavy blow, for Jenny was truly their only remaining daughter. Heaven help them in their deep affliction.  Nancy McKune wrote to Sara, by flag of truce, and the letter came yesterday. She did not say when Jenny died. Her daughter, Viola, is married to a gentm. at Port Jervis. Mrs. Comfort is very well. She says everything is [unclear: tight] and people have hard times to get along.  I come out last night, go away in the morning. I have an office in Staunton; Breeze Johnson's old office. If you can come over come there for the night. My men will be there if I am not. I do not see that I can get the potatoes you bought for me, so you had better dispose of them as best you can, unless you can send us some to Staunton. It costs us a great deal to live now, the currency has depreciated so much. I only look forward to the day when it shall become worthless, then there will be an improvement. Independence must come before long in spite of any impediments in currency, etc We must expect hard times, but we must learn to endure them. My neighbors kindly sold me provisions at government prices, or I should not have been able to support my family. We have 9 pigs, quite a windfull at such times as these. Sara has been quite sick, had something like quinzy. She is not better. I sold the animal I wanted you to keep to E. Geeing and bought another of Liehliter. Richard comes to us the 15th of April. I shall feel much easier then, having some trusty one here. I got a girl of Col Sterrett for Sara for $60. I hired William again for $300. Cy. wants you, if you come over, to bring his things. He lives with Mr. Baylor, I think. Did you succeed in paying up your hire? I shall try to come by your house when I return to the army if I can. I want to see you all very much. Come over if you can and bring me 2 bush. of Sweet Potatoes, dispose of the rest. Write to me to Staunton and let me know how you all are, and how you are getting along.  My regards to Dr. Y. and family. 