Much to my regret I could not find any way to get home short of walking in & back & the mud is too deep for that much effort, for my friends consider me constitutionally averse to much exertion, so I have patiently endured my fate -- tired one night on my diminished no: of blankets & eaten a cold dinner today off the nice biscuits, butter &c that you sent me, after a good breakfast on ditto with buttermilk - - Mr. Robinson & Billy started yesterday morning with the horses & I let William go to [unclear: May] last night -- Mr Reed & Maj. Rogers spent the night with me -- I got eggs & butter for Gen. E. -- have too much baggage yet, but do not see how I can diminish it -- I sent back any quantity to you, as you have no doubt fully realized by this time -- I do not see how you got it unloaded, but hope you had some help -- If there is anything in the lot that you want use it -- Mr. R. sent you his odd shoeI was up at church today -- Wm Bakers -- All the Episcopal Church was there -- a perfect  of ladies -- I do not know why there was in service at the Epis. Ch. -- No news of special interest, though it is said Longstreet has arrived at Charlottesville -- We must expect active operations very soon now -- There were two bottles of Vinegar -- they got here too late for me to get more -- You had better put this recipe in your note book -- Dr. Chapman gave it to me -- he uses it to kill the nerve in a tooth Viz - - 1 Grain of Arsenic, 1 Grain of Morphine, Kreosote enough to make a paste of it, then put a piece the size of a pins head in the cavity & confine it there with a little wax -- or cottn & wax --   I did not hear anything of Nelly's tooth when I was home - so it must have gotten well -- I hope to get to camp safely tomorrow -- though I have many bundles to look after. I will write to you very soon after I get there -- You must be of good cheer -- I hope this campaign may, by God's blessing, end the war -- The news from Louisiana is very cheering -- it is said Banks got a bad whipping & that he sent over 7000 wounded to Baton Rouge. Be of good cheer my love and try and not exert yourself too much Many kisses for you all -- the children must learn much this spring and summer  Good bye & God be with you 