Your letter of the 12 th  came to me yesterday & made my blood boil to be at home for one short hour to visit vengeance on the coward Jordan who meanly avails himself of my absence to torment women & children -- I earnestly pray that you may all be spared from home & if I can ever get home I know you will never be exposed to it again from him -- I could not sleep for thinking of it -- I hope you made complaint & had him put under bonds for himself & family -- the magistrates are bound to see to it -- tell Dr. Hamilton & ask him for me to say to Jordan that I hold him responsible for his own conduct & that of his children exactly as I promised him & it will as surely so happen as my return unless he behaves & makes all about him do so -- I will not tolerate such doings & if there is not a civil law to make him do properly I will let him know that there is a soldiers law that will. Be sure to join Mrs Wise in a demand on the Magistrates to have him bound over for the present -- I will bind him when I get home.  We came back here day before yesterday -- the enemy was advancing on too many roads to enable us to manage them well while out in the wide Valley, so we came here where the Valley is narrow to fight them if they desire, but they do not show much disposition to do so & tomorrow we start for Winchester again having rested two days -- Our cavalry drovethe Yanks from Newtown to Kernstown today & captured some stores. The day we fell back here one of our Divisions, under Ramseur was sent to Winchester to act as guard, while we removed everything -- Vaughan who had command of the Cavalry there reported a small force of the enemy in front & induced Gen. Ramseur to go out to capture it -- he did so, contrary to his orders, and went out without proper precaution & ran into a large force of the enemy, & in attempting to form his line of battle under fire, two N. C. regiments broke & ran & the others followed suit, the Yankes capturing four pieces of artillery in the disgraceful stampede -- a few men checked the pursuit of the enemy & our lossin all was about 400 -- Gen. Lilley was among the wounded & captured & young Ridgely whome we all thought much of -- a brother of Capt. Calloway was also badly wounded --  I hope you have had rain before this -- the county here is very dry & we have not been rained on to wet us since we left Richmond I do not know how for we may go, but we owe the Yanks a whipping for getting our guns. I wrote you the full particulars about the bundle I sent up -- You can send to Maj. Bell's after it -- I fear the Calico will not suit you -- it was bought for me by another -- I had no chance to buy -- & I do not think it very pretty, but you can exchange or something -- any way it is good to have it when we think of the prices to which things are going -- I ought to have kept some hdkfs. -- Anna shall have her shoes if I can find them, the dear little one shall not be neglected -- I think much of you all & only wish I could do more for you -- All be of good cheer & keep in good heart -- trusting in our Merciful God to do good to us & to our country   Good bye -- write often Love fore Anne & Nelly -- 