I wrote you a few days ago from near Leesburg -- after we had crossed back to Virginia -- Sunday we came on across the Blue Ridge -- there was not flour enough in Loudoun Co. to supply our wants, but Clarke & Jefferson have an abundance in them -- our commissary having 100000 bushels of wheat at his command -- The Yankee cavalry found a portion of our train exposed to attack as we came across the Blue Ridge & they fell on it & captured & destroyed some 30 or 40 wagons -- but our infantry got up & punished them, capturing in turn a piece of artillery from the Yankees -- the wagons captured all belonged to the cavalry -- Imbodens were nearly all captured -- Maj. McCue lost his goods in one of Imbodens wagons -- I am sorry -- for he had a great deal of trouble to get them I sent my bundle up to Staunton by Maj. Braithwaite -- directed to myself care of Maj. Bell & I will write to Maj. Bell to send it to you -- I hope to be able to get other things before the season is over -- a great many got nothing as the people of Frederick purchased immunity by paying $200000, & only sold if they pleased & they required "greenbacks" -- & they were hard to get -- we were not in any other place where there was any thing -- I will repeat the contents of my bundle so you may know if all of it comes -- to hand -- I enclosed it in some linen & sewed it up & then put it in a bag -- There is an overcoat along - a very nice one - which Robinson captured at Harpers Ferry -- take care of it -- then 7 yds. of grey cloth, for a coat & pants for myself -- 1/2 doz. Hdkfs -- (2 kinds)2 prs shoes -- 40 yds. dark calico 20 yds bleched cotton -- a piece of some 8 or 10 yds -- 6 yds. of bonnet Ribbon, 1 small cravat -- 2 undershirts, 1 pr drawers, 1 bottle of brandy -- (a present to me from Maj. Hawks, which I send for your use) some [unclear: gents] socks -- that is all I believe -- sorry it is no more but will hope for another opportunity.   Yesterday, after we thought we were fixed for a rest in camp the Yankees came on across the Mt. & attempted to cross the Shenandoah River -- in fact they did cross, but Gen. Rodes fell on them & compelled them to go back with considerable loss -- we had quite a hard fight & lost quite a number of men -- The fight was at Rock's ford some 6 miles N. E. of Berryville -- Today the enemy has been demonstrating towards Winchestertrying to induce us to go away from here -- I do not know how well they may succeed -- they have quite a large force -- the 19th Corps that has been in La. has been brought up -- the 6th Corps from Grant's Army -- then all Hunter's & Siegel's forces -- some 25000 men perhaps -- but I think if we can induce them to fight, by God's blessing we can whip them -- It is very dry here -- the grass completely scrorched -- I sent my watch up by Maj. McCue -- get it if you have a chance -- I have sent my horses home by Geo. Horger to go to Mr. Geedings -- say to him I hope he will do the best he can for them in the way of pastures -- I am riding over this county mapping it -- am very busy & tired at night -- so do excuse this -- Love & kisses & blessings for you all -- Write often -- I just got yours of June 12 th  -- Hunter filled it up -- Good bye my sweet one 