I know you are full of anxiety and are waiting to hear from me -- I have not written for several days, because I have been to busy, and then we are cut off from direct communication -- but I think the road is still open by Lynchburg & I will write, hoping you may get it -- I wish I were at home to cheer you up , but when I tell you that all is going well I know you will believe it & take heart accordingly -- tho I am always hoping for the best I think I have solid grounds for my hopes -- The enemy commenced a movement very far to our right, on Saturday last, & we moved correspondingly -- as the enemy started for Hanover Junction we marched by a parallel road nearly all night & got there Scarcely before him & blocked up the way to any further advance. Our trains and everything was safely crossed to the S. side of the North Anna & we have since Monday noon been here in position -- our line extending nearly parallel to the Va. C. R. R -- leaving a big bend of the river in our front, into which we have allowed the enemy to cross -- our line is a very good one & if Grant will advance on it, he will find a "fiery mass of living valor" even denser than that he encountered at the Ny -- We have received reinforcements & it is thought the two armies are more nearly equal than ever before -- I do not know but the fortune of war may expose the Valley to invasion, but I trust that the same kind Providence that has so far shielded it will continue His favor & keep it from pollution -- the manybloody lessons the enemy has learned there ought to teach him to keep away -- Every available man has been brought from the North to make up the army of Grant, reserves &c and of course we must concentrate to meet them & the result will be two immense armies instead of many small ones &, eventually some decisive victories instead of many fruitless skirmishes. Our army is well supplied now as several ships loaded with provisions have lately come into our ports -- they issue 1/2 lb. of bacon to the men in the trenches -- I hope you are getting along tolerably -- though I am full of anxiety knowing you are illy able physically to endure this fiery trial, but your great heart I trust, & an unfailingProvidence will sustain you & enable you to go through these trying times -- I have money but do not think it safe to send it -- new issue -- but if you need any money call on either of the Mr. Bears to advance some to you until such time as I can send it -- which I hope will not be long -- for this great battle cannot be delayed much longer if Grant goes to the Peninsula the road will soon be open & if we fight here we shall soon end the act & a charge will take place -- I am in the very best of health -- with all I can do. Did you see the Enquirer of the 26th -- it had in Mr. Hewson's letter to the London Herald -- he makes mention of me -- I am pleased to hear that the children are doing so well much love & many blessings for you all -- write -- via Lynchburg -- 