What is the matter? I have been two weeks here & have written to you three times & not one word have I heard from you -- and I have imagined that all sorts of things have happened. My coming away without being able to come home again, did not make you sick, did it? But I will hope that there has nothing happened; that you have written to me in your prompt & loving way & that the cruel mails have been making sport of me & that I shall hear from you by tomorrow -- Be sure & write to me often, if only a few words at a time -- that I may not fail to know of your welfare. May Heaven be kind to you all -- you are in the hands of the Father of Mercies & He only, at any time, has power to safely guard. I have been very hard at work, trying to get things out of the way before anything happens -- Today we heard that Burnsides had mired at the Rappahannock & is now making a junction with Meade -- the time of many of the Yankee troops expires in a few days & the moving towards the front today indicates that Grant intends to make use of them while he can & play anew the role of Hooker of one year ago this very day -- Everything indicates that in less than 48 hours we may have the bloodiest battle of the war fought on this very ground & the fresh green shores of the Rapidan be stained by the life blood of thousands -- It sad to think of -- the soul in calm reflection recoils from the contemplation of the ghastly spectacle - Man cannot become hardened to the horrors of war -- O that the blessed days when war shall be no more "would come upon the earth! But we have accepted the issue of "liberty or death." there is now no retiring from the contest -- we are to fight it out & leave the issue in the hands of the Dispiser of all events -- All feel confident of success -- the events of the year have all been favourable to us & are happy auguries of the event of this great struggle that must again baptize the soil of "Old Virginia" in blood--.  We are calmly waiting the coming conflict -- hoping & praying it may be the last. I went up to Orange C. H. to church today -- the houses of worship were full there were also services at our Hd. Qrs. Gen. Lee & many of the high officers of the army were there, the preacher was high church -- going through the flexions & genuflexions. I enclose you Ten Dollars, in new issue, for fear you may want some & I will send you more very soon. It looks very spring like today, but was quite cold yesterday -- We get along very well with the rations -- only they ate all the meat up one day before the time & had to without one day -- Be sure now, my Dear, to write -- let me know of any troubles your dear little soul may have & of any thing I can do for you. My regards to our kind neighbors. Kisses for you and Anna & Nelly & heavenly blessings be with you -- 