We spent last night at Winchester & today are marching on toward Martinsburg, Shepperdstown, through the dust as usual -- it has been very warm. -- We spent the first night after we left Staunton at Mr. , near Mt. Crawford -- he was very unwilling for us to encamp on him but that did no good -- he played the churl decidedly & had some old shrew there that made the air vocal with her croakings. We went the next night beyond Big Spring, to Mr Cousins -- two of the red headed damsels there had gotten married since we stopped there in 1862 -- the next night we went to near Mrs. Jackson, to  Mt Airy (Moe Jordan's daughter's) -- had a good supper there -- the next day brought us to Strasburg & yesterday to Winchester -- I took dinner at Inck's in Harrisonburg, he did not  Mr Kinney has not succeded in paying off his debts -- John T. Hams was about -- the people there speak bitterly of  & Robert Gray -- say they shall bring them to an account for the same -- Mr. Inck lives in H -- in P's house. I called yesterday evening at Mr. [unclear: Hicoronineces] to thank them for their kindness to Allie -- found them at tea & took tea there -- they are very nice people indeed & they have many beautiful flowers -- the two daughters are at home -- they are sweet girls -- The enemys cavalry made a dash into Winchester yesterday morning  stay was short & we soon came in follow -- they are much alarmed along the border, but do not  what is coming -- we got the Baltimore Papers of the st yesterday -- [unclear: Mr. Lincoln] has passed an emancipate act -- Chase has [unclear: issued] -- I saw a  from Balte -- who says gold is four for one -- We encamp tonight at Leetown -- 8 miles from the Potomac -- We drove the Yankees out of Martinsburg & away from the R. R. at Kernysville Our cavalry had a fight with them here we had some 25 killed & wounded -- The enemy does not make much resistanceWe captured some stores & they burned some -  I hope you are all well -- I am, thank the Lord, in fine health -   Be of good cheer & may the Lord's blessing be with you -- Love & kisses for all -- Write soon 