We are again after the enemy, moved yesterday from Waynesboro to this place & today we are resting -- Keeping the Sabbath for once -- so I hope good may come of it -- We routed the Yankee Cavalry at Waynesboro, quite handsomely & they retreated pell mell through Staunton & by the way of Spring Hill & Mossy Creek to Bridgewater, going in such haste that they did no damage, only tearing up the little bridges, for fear of the 10 men that followed them I send Mr. Robinson over to take my coat & look after other things -- I send you $50, by him -- Have Miss Susan make my coat as soon as possible & write me when I can send for it -- the one I have is coming to pieces rapidly -- have the coat lined throughout, deep and strong pockets (you will have to send some of the  cloth for them I reckon) -- I want two pockets behind & one on each side -- wide & deep -- the left hand one on the outside, the right hand one on the inside -- keep the small buttons -- I do not want any on the sleeves -- ask Miss Susan if she cannot turn the coat I am wearing -- there is a tailor here that does it. Please send my Jacket to me by Mr. R. he will tell you all the news -- &c Nelly gave him a hard account of "Pa." I am sorry he is getting so bad -- Get all your flour home as soon as you can -- I fear it is going to be scarce, so much wheat was burned -- Ask Mr. Geeding if he cannot spare me a load of his hay -- the government will get it all any way -- & I will pay him the same -- I send you some papers - read them & send them up to Mrs. Wise to see, for me -- tell Mrs. Stubblefield I saw her husband a few days ago & he was well -- The Yanks burned J. C. Roler's barn & stable -- I hope we shall soon be able to turn the tide on them -- I would come home today but I have only one horse to ride & it needs rest -- & we are so busy now & the Gen. depends on me for routes &c in this region so I cannot leave just now, but hope to get home again before long -- the Lord hasten the time when I may be able to stay there -- I send you a fine Spencer Rifle - - a present from Mr. Robinson -- just what you have wanted -- be careful of it & keep it hid -- dont let it be known that you have it Love & kisses for the children Good bye my Love & God bless your dear soul -- 