Your letters of the 20th & 25th inst. came to hand about the same time last week & I have not had time to write to you since But we are now, this warm Sabbath P. M. quiet in camp, having moved back here, 11 miles from Martinsburg, this morning, starting about 3 o'clock, I have had a good sweltering nap in the shade & now will write & answer your queries first, for fear I may forget it. I wrote to you about Gen. Ramseur's fight, about which you are so uncertain in yours of the 20 th  & gave you the particulars & have since written to you about the battle of the 24th at Kernstown & our pursuit of the Yanks to Martinsburg. Friday we went to the Potomac at Williamsport & crossed over & made a demonstration, our sharp shooters going up to Hagerstown, at the same time the cavalry crossed higher up & is now on a raid into the Cumberland Valley & Westward Mosby crossed also towards Frederick CityI am glad your package come safely Yesterday I sent you, to the care of Maj. Bell, a small box containing a set of cups & saucers, 1/2 doz tumblers, some pepper, allspice, ginger, nutmeg, soap & a set of new & novel Reading Books for the children, they are beautifully illustrated & will be a source of information & amusement for the children -- I did not see any other books there worth getting for them -- I could not find any tea &c, but may yet, as I desire to get them much -- I know you need them. The Red Book is a capture of Mr. Robinson's near Washington -- take care of it. I have asked for Indigo often & could not find any. Sell your butter unless you need it yourself, for there is no way of getting it to me & you can use it to advantage. I want a full pattern frock coat from my cloth & then, if there is enough left for a pair of pants you may make them from your pattern, if you have time -- I am in no need of them now as I gota very good pair from the Q. M. in the Spring & have 2 pairs with me. The overcoat is Mr. Robinson's, but I have conditionally bought it, take care of it & keep the moths away from it -- I think it is very pretty too -- I am glad the Brandy got home, was fearful it wd get broken. Use the socks as you please -- I am wearing some of them that I kept - use them for yourself. I wish I had kept some hdkfs. I ame delighted that Nelly is doing so well, & writes her compositions without help -- . When I spoke about your letter of the 12th being filled with "Hunter" I meant an account of Hunter's Raid & its sad consequences. Geo. Hanger took up my horses & he will get them into pasture. I spoke to Mr. Geeding about pasture when at home & he agreed to take one horse, I now send 2, after the lapse of 2 months, instead of one. I shall get Anne's shoes the first chance. I will send you some P. O. Stamps in a few days. In your letter of the 20th You speak of being quite sick but say Dr. Hamilton cured you -- I am very much obliged to him for his attentions to you -- hope I may be able to reward him. In the letter of the 25 th  you say you are all well I am glad you have an opportunity to aid the soldiers some -- but hope you will not be made sick by your attentions to them I shall have to get you a pair of spectacles if you say so -- though it will seem odd & make me feel old too, I am sorry we are so far off that I cannot send William up to help you -- Don't work out of doors so as to injure your health -- Cannot Mary be made by Capt. Sterrett to do more of the out door work she is old enough & strong enough. I am very sorry for Mrs. Bear -- hope she is better now & may get over her great loss, at least become reconciled to bear it with Christian resignation I am willing to let Allie [unclear: Hanger] have use of the benches - there are a good many of them in the "Hall" now -- with the condition that they are not to be cut up -- You may let Nelly take Music Lessons if you think she will be properly taught & I do not wish to send her to any school if it can be avoided -- but you must use your own discretion -- you have the burdens & cares of the family & I do not wish to add to them -- There is a good deal in the reading books I send for her to study Grammar -- You might put her into French when you think best. I am sorry Anne gets along so slowly, but hope time will aid her -- I wish Nelly could study Botany, Words, but it is too late in the season now -- Write often my Love -- Kind regards & Heavenly blessings for you all -- 