Yours of the 15th came yesterday, the first glad messenger I have rec'd for a long time & right welcome it was -- delighted with the tidings that you felt cheered up -- had been visiting some &c &c and also with the news from Allie -- I have written you all the news up to date -- wrote to you only day before yesterday, from Shepherdstown -- yesterday we came back here to our old camp -- Anderson came back towards Winchester & today the Yankee cavalry has been demonstrating all along our front & our cavalry has fallen back some, but we have remained quietly in camp & there has been preaching, for the first time in a good while -- I have never known a more active campaign, but is the only kind to protect us from the movements of the Yankees -- we must keep them busy all the time or their roving dispositions will cause them to annoy us.  Henry K. Cochran was drunk & remained behind at Chambersburg to ransom houses for "greenbacks" & was killed by some of the Yankees or citizens, no one knows which -- Some of our men behaved very badly, but I wrote to you about that before Allie has found it as I expected -- I have seen enough of Northern society in our visits to Pa. & Md. to satisfy me that any one holding Southern sentiments there would be uncomfortable -- The boys &c. serve her as they used to me -- I distinctly remember a chill I once had in Aug. riding from Great Bend to , that nearly froze me. It is strange she did not get my letter -- I enclosed it in one to Nancy & she ought to have know the address. I am not surprised at the turn her affair with Capt. Stenett has taken -- absence has, as usual, sweetened love & he has found an aching void no one else can fill -- I am glad of it on account of both parties & will write to Allie the first time I have a chance to come to Martinsburg or Shepherdstown & from there she can easily get up the Valley -- we go to those places every week or so & they change hands regularly every fortnight, this offering great facilities for coming or going -- I found an old acquaintance at Sheperdstown, the Rev. Miller, of the Lutheran Ch. who formerly preached in Mt. Crawford & she can come to his house I think there will be no trouble about her getting through, I am really delighted at the faithfulness they show & think it augers well for their future -- I am glad too to have relations marry & live near us & help to make home circles I will write for her sister to come with her, but not unless her sentiments accord with Allie's for without that she would be as uncomfortable her as Allie is there. William is well & doing well, is an excellent boy -- I ate come corn yesterday that did not agree with me & have been under the weather today, but feel better this evening -- it is the first time I have been at all unwell. I bought you a pound & a half of tea which I will send you by the first chance -- I cd. only find black tea -- but will try & get other during the summer -- I paid $25. Confederate for the 1 1/2 lbs -- I think I will get you some nice flannell next time we go to Shepherdstown -- I have heard where there is some -- I see by a recent order that all the detailed farmers are obliged to sell all their surplus to soldiers families at the government price or be put into the Army -- So I hope you will have no difficulty in procuring supplies -- Did my letter with the ribbons &c come to hand -- I send you a few stamps & envelopes I have but few stamps on hand -- It is quite cool -- wish I could have a bedfellow to help me to keep warm -- How do the children like the books & you the bonnet stuff? -- I lately saw some children's & ladies hats made of corn shucks -- & trimmed with the same wrought into a band of rosettes &c -- they were very pretty Write often -- Good bye my sweet one & may the Lord bless you all --. 