Your very welcome letter came to hand some time ago, but I have put off answering it from day to day until I am almost ashamed to write. We had our battle of the 19th of October when we had the greatest victory of the war in the morning and one of the greatest losses in the evening - and needlessly, Our men giving way from a panic; then the General sent me to Richmond with dispatches and I was gone several days, but was only home from midnight until 4 o'clock one night - that consumed some days - then I had to make maps of the battle of the 19th for a report; then we have just gotten back from another expedition down the Valley in which we went to Newtown - went down to see what Sheridan was doing - found him fortified there and fixing to spend the Winter near Charlestown. Our cavalry had a fight with Custer's division and routed it handsomely - Rosser's division doing it. In the mean time while that was going on towards the North mountain the Yankees attacked McCausland's cavalry at Cedarville and he repulsed them and drove them off, then supposing they had left he went to grazing his horses when the Yankees came back and fell on him with a new force and drove him several miles, capturing two pieces of artillery. It seems impossible for us to go down the Valley without losing some artillery. We took 200 prisoners from Custer. We got reports which show that there have been over 10,000 cavalry opposed to us here, and the infantry force has been very large also. We are back at our old stoppinng place again and I suppose will stay here until we go into Winter quarters. It is getting quite cold. It snowed some yesterday. There has been quite a scattering of detailed men. A good many have gone to the Yankees. Lickliter and his brother went; their families are to follow. General Early lets them all go through the lines; says he does not want any of the stock of runaways left. Capt. Sterrett and Robert Chochran have joined the 10th Va. Cavalry and go to Richmond. I suppose Miss Allie will come on to Virginia in February. She is teaching a profitable music class at home and making money. I expect I shall be able to spend the winter in Staunton, not far from home and I hope to take a furlough early in the season and come over to see you. How are you off for forage? Do you have any hay or grass. I should like to put one of my horses somewhere for the winter to live on hay and be well cared for. What is the state of things with you? I shall be greatly obliged for a barrel or keg of sorghum molasses; provisions are scarce and dear and everything helps. Did your sweet potato crop do anything? I wish you had a snug place in the Valley but I fear you would find it hard to buy one now, unless you could get one of the abandoned farms in Rockingham, left by men that went off with Sheridan. Bob Gray went off; I wonder if he did not go to Hale's Eddy? Sara gets along finely managing and keeps up her spirits admirably. Is full of energy and hope. The children are growing rapidly. I should enjoy a visit to you very much and if I come have you any way to come to Rockfish after me and shall I bring along the whole family and have a visitation? Hope Harriet has gotten well. You have had a hard time but must hope on, hope ever. My love to the children. I am obliged to Sarah for her part of the letter. It's cold in my cloth house and I must quit. Write to me very soon, 