It has been a long, long time since I heard from you, and I lately learned that you had not heard from me, though I have written often. I hope this may reach you tho'. We have had all sorts of fortune lately. Have been badly handled in two fights, but not half as badly as the Yankees as our own papers assert. At Winchester we had whipped the Yankee infantry when their cavalry charged ours on the left and broke them and got in the rear of our infantry and compelled them to fall back, and they took a good many prisoners, but we retired in good order and saved all our trains; the same thing happened at Fisher's Hill, only the enemy got thirteen pieces of artillery. They only took some 500 prisoners from us. Since then we have successfully resisted them, holding them back at New Market and driving off their cavalry from New Hope and Waynesboro. The Yankees are now near Harrisonburg, but I hope they will not be there long. They did but little damage in Augusta county; burned a few barns and mills in the lower end of the county, but in Rockingham they have done a vast amount of damage, burning mills, barns, wheat and hay stacks, and robbing houses. The cavalry, some of it, was from Broome county. I got hold of a copy of the Broome Co. Republican; see that David and Albert Hotchkiss had joined the cavalry. Giles had gotten the quota diminished by 100 for the county. Rev. Mr. Gilbert is in Binghamton, and I see that his daughter has lately been married to Mr. Bruce. I will send you the paper, though torn, as soon as I have sent it home. I only heard of them. Will look out for the prisoners now and get the news. The Yankees did not go to Churchville this time at all, those that retreated from Waynesboro went by Spring Hill and Mossy Creek, but in so much haste that they did no damage. They burned Mohler's barn at the cave, and J.C. Roler's at Mt. Sidney. The loss of grain to us is very great, but I hope there is still enough left. The corn crop is a tolerable one, and they only use enough of that to feed their horses. The only damage done the R.R. was to burn the bridges over South river at Waynesboro and over Christian's creek. They robbed Mr. Garber's store in Staunton of $5,000 worth of goods. There is a tale in circulation that Gen. Early was drunk at Winchester and also at Fisher's Hill. There is not one word of truth in it. A baser slander was never circulated. It is true Gen. Early is a drinker of spirits, is too fond of it, but I have never seen him under the influence of liquor since we started on this campaign. He is sober enough to know his duty and attend to it at all times, and it is much to be regretted that such stories should be circulated. My usual luck attends me in regard to horses. A few days ago I had 4, now I have only 2, one killed and one died, I got one for the killed one and now one has been stolen. I had a fine colt that I wished to send you to keep, but it was killed in the fight at Weyer's Cave.  Miss Allie cannot stand it at home, and she desires to come back to Virginia. The fogs make her sick, and the people torment her, call her traitor, etc., and she is very anxious to get back. She had not heard from any of our people as she had spent most of the time at home and had not been well. I succeeded in getting a supply of flour with much difficulty. So many had sold all to the government before I got a chance to look out and a good many had sold on speculation, but I got a barrel here and one there, and so made up what I wanted. Henry [unclear: Sliey] stays at the old place and manages it for the heirs, the old lady being dead. Sam. Cochran died a few days ago, from fever, at home. Robert is a detailed farmer, also H. Seig and Frank Sterrett. Young Hite died from the effects of a wound. We have been resting today, after a hard march yesterday through the rain, and we have enjoyed the sunshine. I went and heard Mr. Bowman preach. Mr. Hildebrand has been getting along badly at Churchville. They do not support him. He says no one of the Methodists has done anything for him since he came there. Mr. Greeding has joined the Presbyterian Church and been made an Elder. They are all well at home. Got a good deal frightened about the Yankees. What are you doing and all the family? I should be delighted to see you all, but see no chance now. I have only been three days at home since March. My love to all. Write me soon to Hd. Qrs. Valley District, care of Gen. Early. 