The labors of the day being over & night with its quiet -- Saturday evening quiet, & the prospect of a day of rest in anticipation, I will do, what I have thought of doing all the week, write you a long letter -- You will ask why I have put it off, -- if you could look into my 8 by 10 cloth house, with camp stove in one corner, Robinson & drawing table in one corner, Oltman, ditto, in another & your "other half" Do, in another & all busy from 8 A.M. to 3 P.M. & then some at night, you would not ask the question, for you would know that I am pretty well tired out when bed time comes, for I have not yet gotten used to the confinement, we have been such rovers this summer that I have been in the saddle more hours than in my office & now the Reports of the years operations are to be made out & the number of maps, plans of battles &c to be made is almost incredible, but I have gone at it with a will & intend to finish them within the year, if possible. Everything is quiet -- we are drilling the army & getting it thoroughly reorganized & ready for any emergency or opportunity. The reserves & detailed men are coming in rapidly & being examined & assigned either to the army or light duty, as they are found capable or not. I saw M. J. M Hanger today, he has been passed for "light duty" & will go to Richmond with the others -- he told me Mr. Euritt was also "passed" for the same &, recommend for his trade at a "post" or light hospital duty & he will be sent on at the same time & may get to Staunton, in the shops there, that is the best that can be done for him now -- the Government is determined to have every one -- I hope Mrs. Euritt will bear it calmly & she may rest assured that Mr. E. will not be exposed if unfit for field duty. I still think all "things work together for good" to indicate a speedy conclusion of the war & if we are able to keep the enemy at bay, as heretofore, to the end of this campaign we shall not be troubled by them another year -- I learn from a scout that the prevailing opinion at the "North" is that the war will end this year. By the way, the Yankees down here say they are going back below Winchester as soon as the Election is over -- I am sorry Reed has gone, if he has, but I think he will be back -- Mr. Euritt came to see me & looked very well, I thought. I enclose you some Yankee stamps -- I did not tell you of the paper in my saddlebags -- I see you have found it. -- use what you need for yourself, but do not let any go, for it is Eng. property that I sent home for safe keeping -- by the way I sent off all my white envelopes, I believe -- if this reaches you before Wm leaves, send me 25 back. Maj. Bell was to send Maj. Green's clothes & bed out to our house, but I reckon he sent them away in his flight & has not brought them back -- I will write to him about them -- Glad you had a good time chestnuting & that you are able to stir about -- nothing like it -- helps digestion & keeps the clouds out of the head & makes one sleep well at night -- I enclose to you every day or so, the files of the papers that I get here -- so you can get the reading of them & put them away -- If Miss Susan does anything to the coat I want it turned -- if she has not undertaken "the job" why you may let it rest -- The Methodists are having "Big Meetings" here & revivals - crowded houses day & night -- the soldiers are near enough to come to meeting -- I imagine William has not been of much service to you -- the weather has been bad -- & he has wanted to be with "Maj" &c -- but if you got your fall work some of it off your hands I will, by the blessing of Providence get home in time to have some work done before New Years. Put my bottle of ink in a safe place -- I shall draw some money Monday & will avail myself of the first chance to send you some -- I wrote to you to get all the items I left on the [unclear: memo] for you -- they will all be needed - especially the "bread" -- & potatoes -- I sent for the gloves for Miss Kate -- hope they will come -- I wrote you about Mr. R's shirt -- he is away tonight -- Write often -- be of good cheer & May Heaven's choicest blessings be with all my "dear ones at home" -- Nelly can read the "Humming Bird" in the "Examiner" 