 I had made every arrangement, gotten the furlough, etc., to go to see you and bring my wife and children, when the weather took such an unfavorable turn I had to decline going and trust to getting another furlough when the weather becomes more propitious. I am very sorry for we had all counted on a Merry Christmas with you and a happy reunion, since it has been so long since we have met. The children were terribly "put out" as they had been thinking of the visit for a long time and making plans for enjoying the festive season with their cousin, but I hope when the season advances that it may become milder and dry up some, then I can let you know when to meet us and we will have the visit yet, by the blessing of God. It is very bad going here now, it has snowed, sleeted, rained, frozen and thawed by turns until the foundations are almost broken up and the mud has put an embargo on all movements; I was never as muddy in my life as a few days ago in coming from camp home; had to take three trials at my boots before I got them clean. The Maslin boys are here tonight on their way from home to their command, Rosser's old Brigade, which is encamped near Swope's Depot. They have both grown very much and are quite hearty and make fine looking young men. James acts as a courier at Brigade headquarters. I came home the day after the Yankees came up the Valley, and week ago today, and have been home and about ever since, looking after my affairs, etc. Our quarters at present are at Fishersville. I have rooms at a house near Mr. Hamilton's and am quite comfortably fixed; If you can come over, do, and see me there if you do not come further. We are getting along very well considering the times.   January 3rd. 1865. I had gotten this far when wife said it was bed time;- so I adjourned and have not found time to finish until now - late in the evening. I went to Staunton yesterday to hire a servant, but found that I could do nothing as they were all hiring for grain or produce of some kind and I find it hard enough to get what I want to eat. Servants hired very high; good men for 50 bushels of wheat and 50 of corn, enough to buy a servant in the market. The supply of servants was not at all equal to the demand. To secure William again, who has been so faithful to me, I bought him of his master who came up to sell him and his other servants - came in from Wisconsin, a genuine abolitionist, but like all the rest of them it must not cost him anything. I paid $5,000. Managed to raise $2,000 and borrowed $3,000 which I hope to find some way to pay before it falls due. Today I went to Staunton again and got a woman of Mrs. Opie - a first rate one, much better success than I expected. Today we finished a bridge over the river at Dudley's. I had our Engineer Troops come over and build it, put it across above the mill. Tomorrow I have four wagons to haul wood for me and hope to get up enough to last me through the summer, and next day I must go to camp again, my furlough having expired. Frank Sterrett is down below Petersburg with the 10th Virginia Cavalry, as also Bob Cochran, William Nelson, etc. They say they have a hard time of it. Henry Sieg is at home - jogging along as usual and enjoying very good health. We are having a very hard Winter - it has been snowing most of today and the ground is frozen quite hard. It is quite hard on stock, the supply of forage is so scant. I got as much fodder as will do me, I think, and a very good supply of corn - thanks to the liberality of my neighbors.   John Bell and Mat Bell were married last week. Dr. Hamilton is as attentive as ever to Mrs. Gooch. James Arthur Wilson goes with me hereafter. I had him transferred to my department. The people here are getting up a gib dinner for our army in camp in the country it is to come off next week.  Give our love to all the children and Harriett. Tell Lora her Aunt wants her to write and tell her what sort of a cloak she got, the style of it, etc. Write to me to Fishersville and come and see me if you can. 