I know you are all looking for a letter from me and I avail myself of the first "spell" of letter writing to chat with you a few minutes -- I got here at 7 P.M. Monday -- had a very comfortable nite, considering the fact that it was coming to Lexington -- Fred Effinger was my fellow traveller all the way & he made himself very agreeable - - we joined "snacks" at Middlebrook & I thereby kept the most of mine & am "lunching" off it yet -- You can't imagine how good it tastes -- it has such a "home" flavor -- so different from the "hotel" flavor I am now "enjoying" -- (as Ma would say) -- tho' the hotel here is very well kept & things are in very good order -- I got to work today -- Gen. Lee was very kind & had my office fixed up just as I said -- got a "Morning Glory" stove & anthracite cover split bottomed chairs, a good large table pro. tem. and he sent to Richmond for stuff for a new drawing board -- had a new window put in for more light, -- wash stand & fixings &c. and I have all "my traps" there and am very comfortable -- I go to work after breakfast -- normally 8 A.M. -- really 8 1/2 & work until 3 P.M. when I come to dinner -- then stroll about until dark & then come to my room at the hotel to read & write until bed time -- 11 or 12 P.M. or sooner -- as the spirit moves -- I am availing myself of the college library to read some rare and valuable books that I have long desired to read -- I see the Richmond and N.Y. papers at Allen's but wish you would send me the Valley Virginian & Spectator after you have read them, both in one wrapper for 2 cts. If the Co. Fair Spectator comes to the house please put them in my drawer so they will be together. I have a fine large room at the hotel, fire place, carpet, bed on castors, lounge, bureau, wardrobe, table, rocking chair, arm chair, split bottom chair & Windsor chair, wash stand &c -- (room for me sometimes) I am almost over my cold -- hope you are too -- I sent a boy up the day I left -- not knowing but you might want him - did you? I gave some of my oranges to Mrs. Lee & some to Mrs. Campbell -- kept 3 & gave Allen one. -- I have not been to see anyone -- Altmanns called to see me -- Write often & tell me how you get along -- I shall write again soon. -- 10 P.M. Good night & God bless & keep you -- 