I was greatly delighted on hearing from you through Nelly's delightful letter of a week ago today, for I had looked for a letter two days before & not getting one was sadly disappointed -- I intended to write to you last night but had one of my inveterate head aches & so could do nothing but "kill time" & try to get sleepy & finally got to sleep well towards morning & so, by my ususal remedy, got pretty much well again, barring the "sore" head that remains as a sting behind. I was sorry to hear that "Ma" has neurolgia -- I am a full convert to open fires again -- I have felt so much better, every way, since using them & shall surely "turn out" the Latrobe as Ma desires -- In fact I wish you would open & use the fire place at once, only firing up the "heater" when very cold -- I think you would all be benefitted by it -- I was astounded to hear that Stiles had come -- I had no idea that he was coming & expressly told Uncle A. that I did not want him to come unless you wrote to Aunt & asked for him to come -- I cannot conceive how he got the idea into his head any other way -- I hope to be home for a day or so in a week or 10 days and will then see -- & hope in the mean time you may get along without much trouble -- but I really feel better satisfied that you have some male in the house that is white. I am glad you got an arrangement for a boy to do your chores & hope you will get all the help you feel that you want & I will provide for it. I am very busy & have been feeling very well until yesterday. I had no idea there was so much difference in the climate -- it is so much warmer here -- I am satisfied -- than in Staunton -- I dined at Gen. Lee's last Thursday, by invitation, with Mrs. Gen. Albert Sidney Johnston & daughter from Cal a  & Col. W. P. Johnston & wife -- we had an interesting talk after dinner about Cala., the Chinese & c. I called at Dr. Madisons Friday, after dinner & had a pleasant visit there -- they had many questions to ask about all of you, Staunton &c -- The use open grates now -- have not used their furnace this year -- I have not called at any other places as yet -- I have a fine Phila. photograph of Gen. Lee with his autograph which he gave me -- it is for Ma -- so none of the rest of you need speak for it. In writing to Mr. Haynes I enclosed a photograph of Gen. Lee with his Autograph to Mrs. H -- and told him to tell her it was a "rebel" present -- I went to Church twice today -- at 11 A.M. to the Pres. Ch. where Dr. Kirkpatrick preached a long & very good sermon & the choir sang very mechanically & the organ was played very jerky with 10 minutes preludes -- At 4 P.M. I went to Episcopal Ch. & heard Dr. Pendleton on "How beautiful are the feet &c. The Dr. had to rub the government twice -- I don't think you could find as many "unregenerate" rebs, in any other place in the state -- it "crops out" all around -- & I could not help thinking Ma would find here many "congenial spirits" -- I have just been reading the "Central" -- a good number -- I thought how you had all read it today also -- It would be a much more endurable "exile" if I could be at home on Sunday & when I coem I shall make it so as to take in a Sunday -- I got the Spectator -- much obliged -- but you need not send any more for I find all the town papers at the printing office & go there & run them over -- Sandy Garber was here last night -- as full of troubles as ever & as shiftless -- has had a fuss with [unclear: "Dunning"] & drove him off -- but told me he had heard that he had gone back yesterday -- I am much gratified at Nellys statement of what she intends to do in the way of study & hope she may & will persevere -- I know Anna is getting along also & if you both get so you can go to school of course I shall send you -- but you can learn more, far more, with "Mother," if you will -- We will see when I come - - I am sorry to hear that Grand Ma is worse -- I hope she may get better & that Ma may find her in the spring in her ususal health - Mr. Ruffner came to see me & we had a long talk -- he is sanguine of success - I don't think Allan will run -- This letter is for all & I want all to write -- I won't excuse Ma -- I want the continuation of the sweet good page she gave me -- Stiles [?] must be a good boy says uncle Jed -- Heavens blessings on you all -- 