I am sorry that I am not at home today to congratulate you upon the anniversary of your birth day and to wish you many happy returns of the same -- I hope your "ills" have all left you and that you have had a pleasant day and that the little family circle has been in a cheery mood - - group I should say, not circle, for I fear that I am a disjointed and lone fragment of something that is inclomplete without my portion and my fragment is a waif without the rest -- and now, when I wish I were there, but know that I cannot be, the sense of loneliness that follows almost provokes to tears -- I have been thinking how you all look & what you are all doing tonight -- how I think you have all retired -- you keep better hours when I am away -- but I think I had the picture as it was an hour ago -- only I dont whether Anne played "Shoo Fly" or "Capt. Jinks" at the close of the entertainment -- You all looked over the paper to see if "Pa" had any "notice" and know what the "Salons" are doing at Richmond -- news that we will get at 9 P.M. tomorrow -- I intended to send you a Valentine, but as you could not get it today I thought best to keep it until I come "a courting", which will be ere long. I had a letter from Mr. Effinger, dated the 10 th  -- I only conclude you are well from a P.S. which says "I met your daughter on the street yesterda, she was looking very well & as charming as usual" -- I suppose that was Anne on her way to school. I have been intending to reply to Nelly's excellent letter every day since it came, but I have the pen in my hand so much during the day that I dread to take it up at night -- then I am so deeply interested in some scientific books I get here & that I cannot even see elsewhere, that forget the claims of duty in my desire to get the benefit of treasures I have longed to handle & read from my very boyhood -- Now, My Dear, don't be jealous of the old books -- for though I may go with them to "dream land" I am sure to come back to my daylight senses and wish for the "[unclear: living] epistle" in my home casket -- I have just been, tonight, to Dr. Sampson's lecture on Palestine, Egypt &c -- it was deeply interesting -- I would have given much if you could all have heard him -- he has been all over "the lands" and speaks of what he has seen -- I don't know whan Anne & Stiles would have done if they had heard him tell how the little boys in Egypt climb up by the tails of the buffaloes to get on their backs & he said the buffaloes do not even say "Shoo fly"! He had the dresses of the people of Egypt & dressed up as a boy & he looked exactly like the pictures of Arabs in Lynch's Dead Sea -- He spoke of the observations of Herodotus -- saying he was a wonderfully accurate observer & writer (By the way I think Nelly would find a good deal that she would like in that old book -- she will find it in my Bohn series) -- Dr. S. had bits of mummies, images &c -- he lectures two nights more -- he preached last night, at the college chapel on "sincerity the basis of Christianity" -- a very fine discourse very suggestive & learned -- Mr. Holland preached or rather lectured to the Cadets Y. M. Christian Assn the Sunday night previous on "What will he do with it" -- i.e. the soul, body & spirit given to a young man, what will he do with them -- . This is an interesting feature here - so many able lecturers are brought here & they have so many here that can & do lecture -- But I must stop this garrulity, for I see the bottom of the page -- Gen. Lee says the "young ladies must come up and spend some time with them" -- I have had some fun with Allan about a young Alabama widow here -- . The weather continues very warm, too warm -- I am very well -- I hope you have heard from Ma before now -- how is she -- I heard from Ellyson -- they are well -- So far as I know my prospects are tolerably good at Richmond -- I think it now lies between Mr. Ruffner & myself -- if no chance for him I get his vote & vice versa - More anon -- Write to me -- A kiss just here, for birthday 