William H. Clarke of Halifax wishes you to send him a barrel of your best Whiskey, care of I. Pannell Shockoe slip Richmond--send the very best--Nothing was said as to price-- You have doubtless seen with pleasure that Wm. Stuart has distinguished himself at Bethel. I understand that he was especially complimented in the official dispatches. He is very much in want of a horse. How would our young Brown Mare answer? If she will do, let us give her to him--If she will not, then let us get one that will suit, & send him to William. Get Byers or some good judge to buy one. The weather is awfully hot here. I have rarely felt it so oppressive--We cannot tell how long our session will last--Possibly we may adjourn next week--possibly not for six weeks. I should be delighted to get away. What of Placo? If he comes down, send me a few bottles of best whiskey for my friends here-- I have not rec'd a line from home since I arrived here. The Post office seems to be abominably managed. I paid a visit to Toombs a few nights ago--the other dignitaries, I have not yet seen--I will call on them after a while. Troops are constantly coming on, but not as fast as I could wish--The enemy are in great force, & augmenting their strength daily--We have no news today--There will be big battles before long--one is expected near Yorktown, & there will probably be one at Harpers Ferry or Manassas Gap. My Committee on Constitutional reforms met last night--I think they will sanction substantially, my recommendations with the exception of election of Governor by the Legislature. They prefer the election by the people--I hope before the convention adjourns, we shall have a good constitution. We have a most miserable spirit prevailing in the Convention--a spirit of carping & bitter hostility to Letcher--Such men as Harris, Ambler, Garnett seem disposed to assail him on every frivolous pretext--Their purpose is to organize a party of extreme men to monopolize the offices! They are a sorry [unclear: creed]! I hope you will write some & let me know how every thing is getting on. Love to Sandy & any of my folks who may be with you.