I havent mutch to write as Jinnie hase written but will say if you can get aney Beaver cloake cloth for Jinnie and I. we have our cloth at home it looks very well now but when it is woren a while it wont look well. I was at Staunton friday week saw some cloth I could have got for one 100 and 25 dollars a yard is very hevey. since that time it was sold Mrs McCormac and I was thare last friday it was all gone but I could have gotten off of several peases of brod cloth some cotten chain and some all wool all the same price named a bove I was offered 50 for mine but I wouldent take that I do not want to doo a foolish thing sell mine and get Brod. cloth sutch as men make coats of you know that wont doo unless it is well lined about the Baddie - if you cant get for a fare prise do not get at all. some get 4 yards for a cloake but I think 7 or sevin and a half will make too cloakes for Jinnie and I. the cloth is dubble wedth I thaught you could get good cloth thare for less than I could here. let mee know what you can doo I will keep the cloth untill I hear from you if you get cloth send with some reliable person or fetch your self I think you mite be able to come home. Henry and B F McNutt come home last night on detail to get som things and our cattle they brot a wagon to take things in Apples and potatos and dry froot they have to go back thursday or friday. Henry and all the detailed men are all as mad as they can bee all can hardley keep our stack of wheet men come saturday four come yesterday to get wheet and some come last week and pressed the tith corn. It maks H mad to think they detail men out of the armey to thrash and shuck corn insted of leaving the oners to attend to there one buisness try all you can to get home thare is a good deal of wool to card yet some have been taken a way some say they are waiting on your geting home Henry seems to think if the people would get up a pertion you could get off Ad Steel got off as Miller. write soon did you get my lettr I wrote when at Aunt Sallies I received a lettr from you Saturday