I received your letter friday come thursday I am at Aunt Sallies at this time come yesterday evning Eliza Estaline Elec are here Elec and I are going to Mr Shueys this evning going home tomorrow Miss Lizzie Strain and I come to Mr Shueys wedsday evning. Eliza Es and Elec come to Mr Shuey friday evning yesterday we went to Staunton. Elec got your letter down and one from Henry both were written the 6 both come thursday I was glad to here from you both. I am sorry cant get home. what ever you do dont you ask for a transfer for caverlery for if you get a transfer to the vally in infentry you cant stand the march and will get home that is all the hope I have for you to get home and that is Henrys hope we got a letter from Henry a few days before Henry wrote to you he hadent hird from you cense he left thare sayed he was disapointed you dident get off but hopt you mite get a transfur to the valley if you couldent get off I think your best chans is to get a transfur to infantry if you go to cavelery you are in for the war, if you live you will see that. Henry and Frank Mc. hase been transfurd to the 4 comp Libberty Hall Va. the same Co Baxter was in it was Franks doings they dident want to sepperrate you try for the same if you can get in I would much rather they both had stayed in the Middle Brook Co but as it is you three had better be together when we send to one send to both if aney thing happens one we cane here frome one or the other as we are so close. doo the best you can and trust in the Lord he can take care of each one of us we are geting a long very well considehering you both a way if your helth and lives are spared we can sorto make out a while. Jinnie and Bec went home yesterday Eliza met them friday they wer going to ther Uncles friday night. Jinnie hase hir vail I think  the one  hundred couldent take that one but told Elec to go to new Port and report what one to let them have but I told Elec to [unclear: write] H geff and to get off if he I must close write soon they all send there love to you