Your letter came duly to Hand. I was glad to here You was all well in Staunton. this find's us all the same in Winchester and doing as well as the times will permit. "You I suppose have heard that Henry & Edwar Have opened a Tobacco store in Town there Business I beleive is Verry flattering they are doing Much better than they anticipated. "Saml is also driving a good trade at his Business. he has also opened for himself and is doing remarkabeley well! I Suppose Edward will be in "Staunton by the time this reaches You. He started for Richmond Via: Baltimore last week he will come back By the way of Staunton" and he can give you all news in town. I dont beleive any thing has transpired worth noticing since his departure. You Speak of Hard times the times in Winchester is dull comparitively Speaking, but there is a tremendous business done here considering the times it looks more like a citty Now than it Ever did "Little Staunton" Now will Have to stand back! You Ought to try and make it suit to pay us a visit and take a look for Your Self. You would not reconize a Portion of the Town all the Store Houses has been neatly repaired and all occupied and full of goods they Present a pleasant and business like appearance! Winchester I suppose has pict up more since the war than anney other Town In the Valley. You ask me to send you your Trunk and shirts you left behind you. I will send your Trunk the first oppertunity but your shirts I can not send as they are now in other Hands. William has Come Home and all his clothes has been worn out and He now has not a Shirt to wear of his own and he thinks no more than right that he Should take these that is here. So You need not wait for them. You will have to buy more and Send others down and I will make them for you. I am sorry that I have to disappoint You but you Know I cant control them now as he (Wm) says he will take them for his own use! You say John talks of a going to Richmond this winter. Henry & Edward talks of going this fall. Edward can tell you More about it when you see him in Staunton We Expect Tif down in a few weeks from Moorefild She will come to live Saml is talking about selling out in "Moorefield" and settle permantly in Winchester. You must write soon again. All is well I had had been verry sick but am well again. My Love to all in Staunton.