158 PICKETT AND HIS MEN.
his revised and condensed report of the battle of Williams-
burg are as follows:
Headquarters Third Brigade, Second Division,
Second Corps, May — , 1862.
Captain: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 5th
instant my brigade was on the march from our bivouac in rear of the
Old College of Williamsburg. About eight o'clock I received an order
from Major-General Longstreet to countermarch and follow in rear of
General Wilcox's brigade.
My brigade. Captain Bearing's battery leading, was halted near the
Old College, and then ordered to move toward the redoubts in front of
the town to the point where the " King's Mill " branches from the main
road.
In accordance with directions I informed Brigadier-General Ander-
son of my presence. Within two hundred yards of the point designated
I found that the ground immediately in advance was exactly in range of
the enemy's fire. I at once sent forward my aide. Lieutenant Pickett, to
Fort Magruder to notify General Anderson of our position. He directed
me to remain in my position, as he did not then need assistance.
Half an hour later I received an order from General Anderson to
bring on my brigade as soon as possible. Hearing a sharp firing in the
point of woods in front, and not knowing the ground to be suitable for
the maneuvering of artillery, I ordered Captain Bearing to halt until I
should ascertain where he would be needed.
On my way to the skirt of woods I met General Stuart, who pointed
out the best route. In a few moments I reported to General Anderson.
Learning from him that the battery in Fort Magruder had suffered
severely, I, with his approval, sent back an order to Captain Bearing to
take a section of his battery to its relief. The order was promptly ex-
ecuted.
General Anderson directed me to take my brigade into the woods to
the right of the point at which General Wilcox had first entered, and
where General Hill with his brigade had also gone in to his assistance.
The object was to extend well to the right and, if possible, turn the left
flank of the enemy. I had scarcely filed in with the Eighth Virginia
when I was recalled. I gave the necessary directions to Lieutenant-
Colonel Berkeley commanding the Eighth, and upon reaching the edge
of the woods was ordered to move the other three regiments to the front
where our forces were hotly engaged. Thus the Eighth was separated
from its brigade during the action.