1 64 PICKETT AND HIS MEN.
seems to me necessary that we should increase our force also; for that
object I wish to concentrate the troops of your division on the Charles
City road, and to concentrate the troops of Major-General Hill on the
Williamsburg road. To do this it will be necessary for you to move,
as early in the morning as possible, to relieve the brigade of General
Hill's division now on the Charles City road. I have desired General
Hill to send you a guide. The road is the second large one diverging to
the right from the Williamsburg road. The first turns off near the toll-
gate. On reaching your position on the Charles City road, learn at
once the route to the main roads, to Richmond on your right and left,
especially those to the left, and try to find guides. Be ready if an ac-
tion should begin on your left, to fall upon the enemy's left flank.
Most respectfully your obedient servant,
J. E. Johnston.
P. S. — It is necessary to move very early.
Longstreet received instructions to form his own and
Hill's division in two lines at right angles across the
Williamsburg road and attack in that order. Huger was
to come down the Charles City road, attacking the enemy
on the left as soon as the engagement in front should be
on. Smith was to prevent the passage of the enemy
across the river to assist Heintzelman and Keyes. Should
no such occasion arise, he was to attack the right of the
forces engaged with Longstreet.
A violent storm of the 30th had flooded the level
ground, and Longstreet was delayed by the necessity of
constructing a bridge at Gillis Creek. This difficulty sur-
mounted he reached position at nine o'clock and waited
with Hill for the arrival of the troops from Norfolk, who
had been manning the defenses of that city.
At two o'clock Longstreet's division, with Hill's,
marched toward the enemy, meeting the advanced troops
at three o'clock and driving them back to the first line of
Keyes's corps — Casey's division. Here a vigorous fight
took place and the Federals fell back to the second line,
the division of Couch at Seven Pines. The entire corps of