426 APPENDIX.
Mexico; was actively engaged in seven general engagements and distin-
guished in all. At the assault of the castle of Chapultepec he was of
the storming party, as second lieutenant, with Longstreet as first lieuten-
ant of the company. Here his activity and personal valor was such as to
carry him the first man to the Mexican standard which floated on the
citadel of that formidable stronghold. Amid a storm of Mexican bullets
he pulled down the emblem of the Aztec and ran up the flag of the Eighth
Infantry. He won and received three brevets for his service in Mexico,
and these before he had reached the age of twenty-five.
After that war he served in Texas and upon the southern frontier till
1856, when he was sent with his regiment, being then a captain, to the Pa-
cific to aid in suppressing an Indian war then raging in Oregon and Wash-
ington Territory and involving all the tribes from the Modocs on the bor-
ders of California to the Indian tribes on the confines of British America
to the north. The braves of tribes numbering forty-two thousand souls
had arisen to "wipe out" the few settlers of the Northwest, and to en-
counter them the general government had but fourteen hundred regulars
who, with the two thousand volunteers of Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, after fighting two years, so effectually subdued these savages that, with
the exception of the Modocs, they have never made war since.
In this remote and obscure war, George Pickett was distinguished.
At its close he was directed by General Harney, then commanding the
military department of the Northwest, to build a fort on the northern
boundary between the United States and the British provinces on Puget
Sound, and garrison it. In 1859 the question of ownership between the
United States and Great Britain of the Island of San Juan arose, and
General Harney ordered Captain Pickett to occupy the island. Pickett
by a masterly movement threw himself and company by night upon the
disputed territory, raised the flag and erected earthworks — he had but
sixty-eight men all told. Within forty-eight hours the British fleet came
upon the adjacent British island of Vancouver, five ships-of-war and six-
teen hundred men, and demanded that Pickett evacuate; he answered by
a defiance and announced his intention to fight as long as a man of his com-
mand lived. After exhaustmg both threats and diplomacy the British ad-
miral and the governor of Vancouver's Island agreed to leave the matter
of the occupation of the island to their respective governments, and Gen-
eral Winfield Scott was sent by the United States to the coast, where the
matter was settled by the joint occupation by garrisoning both of Ameri-
can and British troops, and a fort called Camp Pickett was erected and
■^ immanded by Captain Pickett till the commencement of the Civil War.
It is a fact not generally known, that the movements which are re-