SAN JUAN CONTINUED. 1 13
extremity. The general commanding instructs me to say the object to
be attained in placing you thus is twofold, viz. :
First. To protect the inhabitants of the island from' the incursions
of the northern Indians of British Columbia and the Russian posses-
sions. You will not permit any force of these Indians to visit San Juan
Island or the waters of Puget Sound in that vicinity over which the
United States have any jurisdiction. Should these Indians appear
peaceable you will warn them in a quiet but firm manner to return to
their own country and not visit in future the territory of the United
States; and in the event of any opposition being offered to your demands,
you will use the most decisive measures to enforce them, to which end
the commander of the troops stationed on the steamer Massachusetts will
be instructed to render every assistance and co-operation that will be
necessary to enable your command to fulfill the tenor of these in-
structions.
Second. Another serious and important duty will devolve upon you
in the occupation of San Juan Island, arising from the American citizens
and the Hudson's Bay Company establishment at that point. This duty
is to afford adequate protection to the American citizens in their rights
as such, and to resist all attempts at interference by the British authori-
ties residing on Vancouver's Island, by intimidation or force, in the coi>-
troversies of the above-mentioned parties.
This protection has been called for in consequence of the chief fac-
tor of the Hudson's Bay Company, Mr. Dallas, having recently visited
San Juan Island with a British sloop of war, and threatened to take an
American citizen by force to Victoria for trial by British laws. It is
hoped a second attempt of this kind will not be made, but to ensure the
safety of our citizens the general commanding directs you to meet the
authorities from Victoria at once, on a second arrival, and inform them
they can not be permitted to interfere with our citizens in any way.
Any grievances they may allege as requiring redress can only be exam-
ined under our own laws, to which they must submit their claims in
proper form.
The steamer Massachusetts will be directed to transport your com-
mand, stores, etc., to San Juan Island, where you are authorized to
construct such temporary shelter as the necessities of the service may
demand.
Any materials, such as doors, -window-sash, flooring, etc., that can
be rendered available will be taken with you from Fort Bellingham. To
secure to your command the vegetables of your garden, a small detach-
ment will be left to gather them when grown.