122 PICKETT AND HIS MEN.
San Juan Island with British troops; neither has any authority been
delegated by the government of the United States to the general to offer
or accept such occupation of that island. The offer made by General
Scott, when in command here, was not accepted by Governor Douglas
at the time, and consequently concluded that transaction. No arrange-
ment has been made since to renew it, within the knowledge of the
general commanding.
Seco?id. The British authorities having submitted the assurance to
General Scott that no attempt would be made by them to dislodge by
force the United States troops on San Juan Island, they were per-
mitted to land troops for similar purposes to which your command was
designed in the original orders conveyed to you in July last, viz., the
protection of our citizens from Indians both native and foreign. In
connection with this service, the general commanding takes occasion to
present you to Admiral Baynes and the officers with whom you will be
brought in contact, as an officer possessing his highest confidence, and
nothing will be omitted in maintaining a frank and generous intercourse
in all matters coming within your powers to establish a practical solu-
tion of the present misunderstanding, which shall prove honorable and
satisfactory to all parties, until a final settlement is attained by the gov-
ernments.
Third. Under the organic act of the Congress of the United
States for the establishment of the Territorial government of Washing-
ton, the first legislative assembly in 1854 passed an act including the
island of San Juan as a part of Whatcom County. This act was duly
submitted to Congress, and has not been disapproved; it is, therefore,
the law of the land. You will be obliged, consequently, to acknowl-
edge and respect the civil jurisdiction of Washington Territory in the
discharge of your duties on San Juan, and the general commanding
is satisfied that any attempt of the British commander to ignore this
right of the Territory will be followed by deplorable results, out of his
power to prevent or to control. The general commanding will inform
the Governor of Washington Territory that you are directed to communi-
cate with the civil officer on the island in the investigation of all cases
requiring his attention. In the event of any British interests being in-
volved, you will notify the officer placed there by Admiral Baynes to
enable him to propose some arrangement satisfactory to his instructions,
as well as those of the civil officer. Let it be understood in case of dis-
agreement of these parties that no action is to be taken until the case
has been referred to Admiral Baynes and the Governor of Washington
Territory, respectively.