FIVE FORKS. 393
After the surrender of Appomattox Court-house, Gen-
eral Pickett received the following letter:
Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia,
April ID, 1865.
General: General Lee wishes you to make at once a short report
of the operations of your command from the time of the recent attack of
the enemy near Petersburg to the present. He desires you also to call
upon the commanders of the divisions which were assigned to you since
the recent operations commenced, for reports embracing their opera-
tions between the time of the attack above referred to and the time of
their assignment to your command.
He wishes to have these before the army is dispersed, that he may
have some data on which to base his own report.
Very respectfully your obedient servant,
(Signed) W. H. Taylor, Assistant Adjutant-General.
Official: Latrobe, A. A.-G.
Major-General G. E. Pickett, Commanding.
In response to this request, General Pickett sent the
following statement:
Colonel : I have the honor to report that on the 29th of March, a tele-
gram from headquarters of the Army of Northern Virginia was received at
my headquarters at Swift Creek, ordering me to proceed with two brigades
at that point (Corse's and Terry's), to cross the Appomattox and take the
cars on the South-side Railroad for Sutherland's Station, Stuart's brigade,
then in position in front of Petersburg, to join me en route. Hunton 's bri-
gade was at this time on the north side of the James. Accordingly the col-
umn was put in motion, the three brigades reaching Sutherland's about
nine o'clock in the evening. Shortly afterward came an order from
Lieutenant-General Anderson, to come on to the White Oak road and
take position on the right of Major-General Bushrod Johnson's division.
This was done by daybreak, through a drenching rain, the three bri-
gades extending some distance up the road. The commander-in-chief,
about twelve in the day, ordered me to move on with my three brigades,
and two brigades under command of Brigadier-General M. Ransom (his
own and Wallace's), and a battery of artillery under Colonel Pegram, to
the Five Forks. Here Major-General Fitz Lee was with his division of
cavalry, and Major-Generals W. H. F. Lee and Rosser were to join