l60 PICKETT AND HIS MEN.
and coming close on to a party of the enemy, was about to fire, when
they called out, "We are friends; don't fire!" at the same time holding
up their hands. While partially turning to caution his men not to fire,
the brave colonel, with many of his men, was killed by a volley poured
in by the accomplished cowards. When the fire was returned at such
short range they fled in mad haste. I ordered Colonel Irby's body to
be immediately carried from the field.
About this time reinforcements came up from Colston's and Pryor's-
brigades. Upon consultation with Generals Hill and Pryor, a general
charge along the whole line was determined on^ and I moved to the right
to look after the Eighth Regiment. At the moment of the charge the
enemy on the right, who had been silent for some time, appeared again
in numbers, but were gallantly repulsed and driven from the field by the
Eighth Regiment of my brigade, and the Fourteenth Louisiana Regiment
of Pryor's brigade. The Nineteenth, supported by the Eighteenth, cap-
tured a battery and a number of prisoners.
By order of General Wilcox the Twenty-eighth advanced at a charge
over an open space in front of the captured battery under a heavy fire,
still driving the enemy before them. Colonel Allen, of the Eighteenth,
was for a few moments in the hands of the enemy, but was rescued
by his own presence of mind and the timely assistance of some of
his men.
Shortly after this I reported in person to the major-general com-
manding, and received instructions from him about bringing off our
wounded and retiring after dark. These instructions I communicated
to all the brigadier-generals except General Pryor, whom I failed to find
because of the darkness and smoke. I dispatched messengers, however,
to notify him.
The gallantry and energy exhibited by both officers and men can not
be too highly commended. After difficult night marches, through
drenching rains, with but scanty rations, they met enemies well fed, su-
perior in numbers, better armed, better equipped, and well posted, and
drove them a mile during the engagement. I take pleasure in stating to
the major-general commanding that their confidence in their own abil-
ity and their cause is redoubled since this action.
The ground in front of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth was literally
covered with dead. The color-bearer of the Eighteenth (Sergeant Solon
A. Boston) was shot down while gallantly waving the standard in front
of the regiment, leading it to the charge.
I can not close without expressing my appreciation of the prompt-
ness of the regimental commanders and Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt ia