392 PICKETT AND HIS MEM.
themselves the fire of the enemy. He did not know why
they did this. He learned later that the devoted little
group were offering their lives to save him.
There were but few to leave the field. The many
stayed behind, lying in heaped-up masses on that ground
which they had so heroically defended. Night reverently
covered them with her dark shroud and her tears fell
softly on their still, white faces. The stars crept out one
by one in the deep, wide waste of sky and kept solemn
vigil over the dead.
General Longstreet says:
The position was not of General Pickett's choosing, but of his
orders; and from his orders he assumed that he would be reinforced.
His execution was all that a skilful commander could apply. He re-
ported as to his position and the movements of the enemy threatening to
cut off his command from the army, but no force came to guard his right.
The reinforcements joined him after night, when his battle had been
lost and his command disorganized. The cavalry of his left was in neg-
lect in failing to report the advance of the enemy, but that was not for
want of proper orders from his headquarters. Though taken by sur-
prise, there was no panic in any part of the command; brigade after bri-
gade changed front to the left and received the overwhelming battle as it
rolled on, and was crushed back to the next, before it could deploy out to
aid the front, or flank attack, until the last right brigade of the brave
Corse changed and stood alone on the left of W. H. F. Lee's cavalry,
fronting at right angle against the enemy's cavalry columns.
It is not claiming too much for that grand division to say that, aided
by the brigades of Ransom and Wallace, they could not have been dis-
lodged from their intrenched position by parallel battle even by the
great odds against them. As it was, Ayres's division staggered under the
pelting blows that it met, and Crawford's drifted off from the blows
against it, until it thus found the key of the battle away beyond the Con-
federate limits.
In generalship Pickett was not a bit below the "gay rider" [Sheri-
dan]. His defensive battle was better organized, and it is possible that
he would have gained the day if his cavalry had been diligent in giving
information of the movements of the enemy.