THE PEACE COMMISSION— THE LAST REVIEW. 373
the best remedy for sectional differences. As this view
was not favorably received, he suggested a union for the
purpose of expelling the French from Mexico. Lincoln
and Seward agreed with him as to the undesirability of
the new Gallic neighbors, but thought the United States
government able to drive them away. Mr. Lincoln would
treat only on the basis of reunion and the abolition of
slavery. Mr. Hunter's report contains the following:
Mr. Lincoln said that a politician on his side had declared that four
million dollars ought to be given by way ol compensation to the slave-
holders, and in this opinion he expressed his concurrence. Mr. Seward
was impatient and walked across the floor and said that he thought the
United States had done enough in expending so much money on the war,
and had suffered enough in enduring the losses incident to carrying on
the war. Mr. Lincoln said that if it was wrong in the South to hold
slaves it was wrong in the North to carry on the slave-trade and sell
them to the South and to hold on to the money thus procured if the
slaves were to be taken by them again. Mr. Lincoln said, however, that
he was not authorized to make such a proposition, nor did he make it.
The President said he could not treat with armed men.
Hunter answered that this had often been done, especially
by Charles L when at war with his Parliament. Lincoln
replied that he did not know much about history; that he
usually left that kind of thing to Seward. All that he dis-
tinctly recalled about Charles L was that he lost his head.
Of this conference, which took place February 3, 1865,
on board the River Queen, Lincoln thus made report to
Congress:
On the morning of the 3d, the three gentlemen, Messrs. Stephens,
Hunter and Campbell, came aboard of our steamer and had an interview
with the Secretary of State and myself, of several hours duration. No
question preliminary to the meeting was then and there made or men-
tioned. No other person was present. No papers were exchanged or pro-
duced; it was in advance agreed that the conversation was to be informal