NEWBERN. 335
able to do it that night (the 2d). He expressed some doubt as lo whether
he could cross at that point. Should he fail there he would be com-
pelled to go much higher up the river. Thus the earliest possible mo-
ment at which he could have joined me would have been on the evening
of the 3d instant. This would have delayed my attack until the 4th.
General Barton afterwards informed me that he could, positively, have
done nothing on his side of the river.
General Barton had orders from me, in case he found it impracti-
cable to perform his part of the work, which was the most important, to
cross at once to me, and let me try a "coup de maht. " I could, how-
ever, hear nothing from him for some time, and when I did, it was
through the unsatisfactory note I have mentioned.
On the night of the ist instant. Commander Wood gallantly at-
tacked and took the six-gun steamer Underwriter, but was compelled to
burn her, thus losing her invaluable service. The enemy having had
ample time to reinforce, both by water and land, and the whole plan by
which the place was to be reduced having failed, I deemed it prudent,
after consulting with my officers, to withdraw, which we did at our
leisure.
The result may be summed up as follows, viz. : Killed and wounded,
about one hundred; captured, thirteen officers, two hundred and eighty-
four privates (fourteen colored), two rifled pieces and caissons, three
kundred stand of small arms, four ambulances, three wagons, two hun-
dred animals, a quantity of clothing and garrison equipage, and two
flags. Commander Wood, Confederate States navy, captured and de-
stroyed United States gunboat Underwriter. Our loss about forty-
five killed and wounded. A correct list will be forwarded.
I found the ground in my front swept by half a dozen forts, one of
them mounting seven rifled guns, with which they fired at pleasure over
and into our line of battle. Had I had a whole force in hand, I have
little doubt that we could have gone in easily, taking the place by sur-
prise. I would not advise a movement against Newbern or Washington
again until the ironclads are done.
In the meantime, having received despatches that the enemy were in
force at Suffolk and advancing on Blackwater, I deemed it prudent to
send General CHngman back to Petersburg.
I have as yet received no written report from General Barton, but
from the light which I have, am of the opinion that he should have ad-
vanced at the same time that I did. Had he done so, the enemy being
fully employed by me, he would probably have carried out this part of the
plan. I am informed that there was no infantry on that side of the river.