A T YORKTO WN AND WILLI A MSB URG. 1 59
The Eighteenth, followed by the Nineteenth and Twenty-eighth, re-
lieved a portion of Wilcox's brigade, which had suffered severely. We
drove back the enemy in front to a very strong position of felled trees
forming a perfect abatis. Here I placed the Eighteenth, Lieutenant-
Colonel Carrington, in line, and the Nineteenth, Colonel Strange, on its
left. As the ground on the left of this regiment was occupied by the
Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Mote, and the Seventeenth
Virginia, Colonel Corse, I placed the Twenty-eighth slightly in rear as
a reserve for the Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
From the movements of the enemy at this time I judged that they
were very strongly reinforced. They advanced to within thirty or forty
yards of our position, cheering and opening a most severe, well-directed
and determined fire along the front of the Eighteenth and the right of the
Nineteenth, which regiments maintained their ground, returning the fire
with most telling effect. This deadly work was kept up half an hour
without cessation or giving way on either side. Then, from the renewed
cheering and the clear ringing of their guns, I think the enemy was again
reinforced.
Fearing that our men were wasting their ammunition, I consulted
with Lieutenant-Colonel Carrington and, finding that he had no field-of-
ficer, told him to use his utmost endeavors on the right of his regiment
to prevent his men from throwing away a shot, while I would personally
superintend the execution of the order on the left, and pass it on to the
Nineteenth. While endeavoring to do so, much to my surprise I found
the whole line from right to left abandoning our dearly bought position
and falling back through the woods. Some one, it appears, had passed
down an order from the right of the line to fall back. I let them know
at once that this was false, that no such order had been given, and none
should be given by me. In a few minutes, with the valuable assistance
of Lieutenant-Colonel Gantt and my aides. Lieutenants Baird and
Pickett, they were stopped in time to prevent a great disaster. They
moved forward to their place, all coming up gallantly with a cheer.
The Twenty-eighth relieved the Eighteenth, its ammunition being
low, and Lieutenant-Colonel Carrington fell to the rear a sufficient dis-
tance partially to refill his cartridge-boxes from the knapsacks of the
enemy's dead. I sent a courier to the major-general commanding to in-
form him that we were in want of ammunition.
I met the gallant and lamented Colonel Irby with four companies of
the Eighth Alabama Regiment of General Pryor's brigade, who reported
lo me for duty. I directed him to move slightly to the right of where
.the Eighteenth had been. He rushed on eagerly at the head of his men,