NEW BERN. 333
Pickett remained the whole of the next day in front of
Newbern, hoping against hope, and praying still that Bar-
ton would even yet make an attack. The special couriers
he had sent out at intervals to try to reach Barton not re-
turning, the next morning, heart-sick and disappointed,
he deemed it expedient to retire toward Kinston.
Though the Newbern expedition failed in its primal
object, it resulted in important advantages. Besides the
capture of five hundred prisoners and over two hundred
horses, the Confederates found comfort and temporary
relief in the valuable capture of subsistence stores, cloth-
ing, shoes and camp equipage.
General Pickett gives an account of Newbern in the
following field-notes:
Headquarters Department 07 North Carolina,
February 15, 1864.
General: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with in-
structions received from General Lee, under date of January 20, 1864,
the expedition left Kinston, as follows:
On the morning of the 30th ultimo General Barton, with his own
brigade and that of Kemper, three regiments of Ransom's, eight rifled
pieces, six Napoleons, and six hundred cavalry, started to cross the Trent
and take the works in front of Newbern, in reverse, and prevent the
enemy from being reinforced by land or water. Later in the day I sent
off the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Virginia, with three pieces of artillery,
Whitford's regiment, and three hundred cavalry, to report to Colonel
Bearing on the north side of the Neuse River. He was to have attacked,
if practicable, Fort Anderson, Barrington's. Commander Wood, of the
navy, with his boat party, left on the 31st ultimo, and I, with Hoke's bri-
gade, three regiments of Corse's and two of Clingman's brigades, five
rifled pieces, five Napoleons, and thirty cavalry, started on the evening
of the 30th ultimo.
The attack was to have been made simultaneously by the different
parties on Monday morning. Barton, with his cavalry, was to cut the
railroad and cross Brice's Creek, taking the forts on the bank of the
Nease, and pass across the railroad bridge. If he succeeded only in the
first step he would effectually cut off reinforcements. Bearing, by tak-