...them thunder. There the Yankees broke for Winchester before we got there. It was nine miles from where we was to Middletown. We went 3 miles below town that night and we stayed there about 3 hours and then we started for WInchester. Some of our forces was on ahead and they came in on the Yankees about daylight and in a few minutes after we got there. Our men made a charge on them and they broke and run and we run them 5 miles and we got a great many prisoners. The cavalry men has been bringing them back in big squads all day today. They brought a yankee past and his wife was with him and she was a [unclear: back] one at that. Dr. Lewis asked him if that was his wife. he said yessir and [unclear: the] had took a good many negroes and we got a good many of them back. We have taken a great many horses and wagons and other things. We got 3 trains of cars at Front Royal and 500 sacks of coffee and a great deal of salt and other things. They burnt up nearly one square of Winchester. We expect to follow them on. I have more news but I have no time and no paper with me, but I have plenty in my knapsack. It is in Harrisonburg. I seen John and [unclear: Harry] Friday morning. They are both well. I seen Uncle Jacob Dedrick in Bridgewater. He said he seen Jake that morning driving a wagon and I heard of him being at FrontRoyal but I have not seen him yet. Give my love to all and accept a great portion for yourself. So nothing more but remain your affectionate husband until death. May god bless you all. Write soon. H. H. Dedrick to wife. I sent you a letter some time ago and I have got no answer from it. Dear Lissa I just have eaten a hearty dinner. Me and Ben White had the pleasure of eating dinner by ourselves as all the rest of our mess has run off but four. J and James Lewis and Joseph Liggett has gone out to get their dinner. I received your kind letter while I was at dinner and I was truly glad to hear from you and to hear that you all was well. Dear Lissa  be very glad to see you at his time. I have a good deal of news to tell you which is too tedious to write. You will please excuse my bad writing as I have no chance to write. Fare you well my dear.