I received your most dear letter this evening and I was truly glad to hear from you and to hear that you and your little boy was well and all the rest of the folks. I am well but I have not been very well for the three last days. I have been out about 5 miles from camp all last making clapboards for to cover a stable. I don't know when we will get done making them. I expect we will go out in the morning again. William Offlighter and I stays close together. He is well at this time. We are very well satisfied at our work. I have not been on guard nor on picket for more than a month and I am not very sorry of it. We have a bad way to sleep at night but we would rather do that than to stand picket in the cold and in snow. Dear Lissa I have no important news to write. I want you to get anything that you want if it takes every cent that you have, and if you want any more money you must let me know, and as soon as I get my next pay as we ought to have got it some time ago as they had promised. I think we will get it soon. Dear Lissa I was very sorry to hear of the death of Franklin Manley and to hear that the little was very low. It troubles Mr. Manley very much, he is trying to get a furlough to come home and he says if he don't get one he will come any how, furlough or no furlough he will. William Offlighter is in his bunk asleep. He was reading and he fell asleep with his book in his arms. He sends his love to you all. He told me to tell you to tell your pap to pick him out a good cow or a heifer that will have a calf in the Spring. He wants you to get him one by Spring. Hiram Coyner sends his love to you all. Give my love to all and tell James and Rosy that I would like to hear from them once six months. Dear Lissa I hope and trust to my lord if we don't meet on earth no more that we may meet in heaven where parting will be no more. I am trying all I [unclear: know]. Dear Lissa I must close for this time as I am tired and paper is scarce. I want you to let me know where Nannie Balsley is and what she is doing. I seen D. Kennedy this morning, he is well. I have not seen [unclear: - ash] and Dr. D for some time, but they are well. Nothng more but remain your most affectionate husband until death separates us from this world.