I received your kind letter yesterday. I was glad to hear from you and I was sorry to hear that you had the mumps, but if you take good care of your self you will soon get well. I was glad to hear that Willie was so [unclear: pert] and so lively. I am well at present and I do hope when these lines comes to hand they may find you all well. Uncle Will is not very well. He has been very sick. We have left Alleghany. We left last Wednesday and come to Monterey and the next day we come to McDowell and then we stayed there one day, and on Saturday we marched within a half of a mile of Rodgerses, which is on Shenandoah Mountain. We are now within 24 1/2 miles of Staunton and 14/12 miles from Buffalo Gap, but I can't tell you how long we will stay here, but if we stay here long I would like your pap to come out here to see me. I would like to see you all very much, but if I can't get to see you before my time is out I think I can stay three months and a half yet if I have my health. All of the creek boys is well. William Diddle is sitting in his tent blowing his fife. Dear Lissa I was up on the top of a ridge yesterday and I could see the Blue Ridge. I could see the laurel and Spring Hollow and I said to my self now if I was up in that hollow how soon I could get home. Well Dear Lissa I will now finish my letter. It is now 3 o'clock and it is very cold and snowy. We all just have to do the best we can. We are nearly froze. All the balance of my mess is lying down in the tent wrapped up in there blankets. I wish you could see us, then you would say that we had hard times out here. Lissa you wanted to know how much I had to pay a year on that lot and how much I had to pay in all. I have to pay $38.75cts a year and there is four payments back yet that will make $155. Yet if you do pay any on it you must take in my note. Uncle Will, Will Diddle, and Hiram Coyner and James Padgett and Ephriam Sillings all sends their best regards to you and Amanda and Aunt Rebecca and your mother and your Pap, and you will please give my love to all inquiring friends if there be any, and you must accept a great portion for your self. You said in your letter that I had better kept one of them ladies that I sent you. I had no use for them as they could not cook nor wash nor do anthing else. I would rather have you here by a long ways before I would have them. I must close as I am so cold I can't write. I was glad to get some of your hair. It is very pretty. May god bless you all. Nothing more but remain your affectionate husband until death.