I take the opportunity this evening to drop you a few lines to let you know how I am and where I am. I am five miles below Winchester. My dear wife I tell you that we have had a hard time since we left our old camp. We arrived at Winchester last Saturday and we found some yankees there and we took a general review on Saturday and Sunday our skirmishes and the yankees was fighting all day long. The Yankees shelled us all day on Sunday. About half past eleven oclock our division, that is Gen. Early's division, took back about two miles on the left hand side of the turnpike and then we turned to our right and marched down below Winchester opposite of the Yankees fortifications, and then we laid there until six oclock and then we opened fourteen pieces of artillery on them in their fortifications. And I tell you the yankees had to get out of that place. Pretty soon the La. brigade charged on them and run them out of their fortifications and then our brigade charged for about a mile to hold the ditches. We took fourteen pieces of artillery from them at that place and that night the yankees got up and scadaddled out of that place and took for Martinsburg. But old General Edward Johnson he went down and got before them and as they come along he pitched in to them and took nearly all of them prisoner. I think that we have taken nearly all that was at Winchester. It is reported that we have got old Gen. Milroy. If we have got him it is a fine thing for he has treated some of our people very bad. I think we have got about four thousand of them. Our loss is not very heavy. We only lost one man out of our Regiment. We have take all of their artillery that they had here but I have not heard how many pieces they had. I saw Jacob today. He is well. We will stay here until tomorrow. I don't know where we will go. I did not finish telling you about the yankees. We took everything that they had. I saw a long train of wagons just below Winchester where they left. I have more news but I have not time to write. Dear Lissa I am well at present and I hope when these few lines come to hand they may find you enjoying the same blessing of god aresting upon you. Wheat looks very well down here. Corn is short. Lissa I understand that John Coyner claims them coonskins at fathers. I want you to tell father that I want him to take them to the tanyard and get them tanned and you send the one that is in the spring house. I want you to take the fur off of them and get somebody to get a hat made out of it. Give my love to Julie and tell her I have no chance to write to her. Tell her Hiram is well and I received her letter when I got yours and one from Martha Balsley. Give her my love and tell her I have no chance to write. Give my love to all inquiring friends. I have more news but no paper. I will close for this time. Write soon. May god bless you all. I remain your affectionate husband until death.