I thank god that I have been permitted to see a few more lines from under your hand. I received your most kind letter this morning. It was dated on the 2nd of this month. I was truly glad to hear from you and to hear that you was well and to hear that all the rest of the folks was well. I am well and doing as well as could be expected. I do hope when these few lines comes to hand they may find you and little Willie in good health. We have been permitted to stay here today. We got here yesterday about twelve oclock and drawed three days rations and was to be ready to start this morning by day light, and then we got orders to stay here today and cook another days rations. I don't know where we will go. We left the old camp last Thursday night at twelve oclock. We have not been marching very hard but it went very hard with some of us. My feet got very sore and my legs has been very sore for some time, but they have got better. I have heard cannon all day long. It commenced about sun rise and was very heavy. It is down the river between this and Fredericksburg somewhere, but I don't know where. The same night that we left our old camp the yankees crossed the river at the same place that they crossed before, but General Hill was there with his Corps. The Yankees shelled his troops friday, Saturday and Sunday, but General Hill laid still to draw them out, but they smelt the Rat and would not come out. General Hill has been reinforced with five thousand new troops. They have never been in a fight, but if they stay there I think they will get into it and that before long. We expect to go into it at any time. I would not be surprised if we don't be in Maryland before ten days. Some thinks that we will go over in the valley. We are on the road that leads to New Market. It leads from Culpeper to Sperryville and then to New Market, but I can't tell you where we will go. I have more news but I have not time to write. I sent you a letter at the same time that I sent Fathers. I mailed them both at the same time. I saw Jacob Ded. several days ago, he was well and send his compliments to you all. They have courtmartialed me at last, but they had right smart trouble before they got it done. But I have not heard my sentence yet. They wanted to make me drill and to Dear Lissa I want you to forget to tell me who told you that I had said that you didn't care anything about me. Dear Lissa I have some good news to tell you when I write again. May god bless you. H. H. Dedrick.